1884: Korea::~aud all scrofulous diseases, , Erysipelas, Eczema, Blotchee, Mngwonn, Tu-Carbundee, Boll», and Eruptions
1884: A Itè~rent Cure of Scrofulous Korea.
1891: Korea::~of  posses. no knowledge of anatomy thW acoount. as the articles had teen recover physiology and have gamed litt le w sdoni ere(, b th„ ,ic„ Rnd their BU<Ucious pur.
1892: Korea::~There ere dozen, (aome nay ) of ini "7 «•»<*«¦ euch military end legal discipline , tor wh.VL000,“rr*'1 18 me	I'lltake few .ample for a friead. 4*
1894: 4he I’~eoq erred Korea WHKeet Middle*
1894: Korea:Japan:~Toward the and of the legendary period of Japanese history, comes into view a figure which, for heroic qualities, cannot be excelled in the annals of any nation: Jingu Kogo, the conqueror of , who alone, among the nini female rulers of , has made an era in the national history of the country.
1894: Korea::~The work of recruiting and ship-build, ing then began with a will, although, to the impatient woman, it seemed at times unnecessarily slow. But at last all was ready, and the brave array of ships set off for the unknown shore, the Empress feeling within the new inspiration for her babe, as yet unborn. They had a good voyage, and the conquest of  followed. The King and a large suite met them on the shore and offered allegiance to the people from the mysterious East, whose coming
1894: Korea:Japan:~The expedition returned laden with vast wealth, not the spoil of battle, but the ceful tribute of a bloodless victory; and _rom that time forward Japan, through , and later by direct contact with China itself, began to receive and assimilate the civilization, arts,and religions of China, Thus, through a woman, received the start along the line of progress which made her what she is to day,for the sequsl of Jin-guKogo’s Korean expedition was the introduction ot almost everything which we regard as peculiar to civilized countries. With characteristic belittling of woman and exalting of man,the whole martial career of the Empress is ascribed to the influence of her son, as yet unborn ; a son who, by his valoi and prowess, has secured for his deified spirit the position of god of war in the Japanese pantheon. We should say that pre-natal influences and heredity produced the heroic son ; the Japanese reason from the other end and show that all the noble qualities of the mother were produced by the influence of the unborn babe.
1895: Korea::~most of their liberty, and filling tho apera- Persia, Manchuria and , and as mat- departed. He came back in a few days ^owed when Pr,0?e were good, a larger ^
1900: in Manchuria and made Port Arthur imi ré~gna hie, his influence in Korea llie will be re-established, and the rising
1904: Korea::~from Manchuria into  hamper- from making unv show of his personal by baggage waggons, and having nl sorrows. Only her vanity has led to denend mainly upon what they E, could immediately gather from th people. At every step tl
1904: taken to eating crows—~and where dominate all classes in Russia. Rec- twecn Cape Flattery and Gray's fitted through the air with moderate Writimz to the "Lnncet " Dr R C tht\v are not to bo had ho starves. cut official statistics show that more )(nrhor, but there are so many ütret- currents. îïe concludes that the t ,.ras «ddm a new count to the inTo move an army, again, you must j than 2,000,000 roubles (about $1,- ches of beach and little coves along energy of 1,000 horse-power, at 100.- dictment airninst the corset-namolv have not only food, but. burden- , 050,000) arc each year spent on there that dead bodies nnd wreckage 000 volls, could bo concentrated by tll t . ,»or certain circumstances it bearing animals—~horses, ponies, cut- playing-cards in the land of the usually wash ashore in a condition antennae so as to destroy hie at a mttV >n r<,.noncihln for cancer Three tie. or the like. Korea, thanks to C/nr. Tho monopoly of tho manu- that renders identification possible. distance of twelve miles. The pre- ^	rnmf> ,mlur th« doctor's
1904: Korea:usa:~>n 's shores. Now thev have wounded sat outside conversing with e(* buream racy. A pet  o
1905: Korea::~some years ago the then ruler of  was nnneyed at habit tif whispering that prevailed at court, and mo decided upon coaipalb Fort McPherson Postofllce. Arctic >»‘K his courtiers it. wear hats that
1905: 1'y the new agreement between .1 »~pan ; aul Korea «? »| an is t > v u t ; o! Korea’s Mr. (î m. M foreign aflat re mid is to maintain at Sc. ul vu it t • M a rv8ident-gvtnr.il *ho will tell the Em{ vr.ir what to il.» in count v:i< n dumiS'ic matters. The Em pen r » f Ko-va is m f v mi easy time, if he can’t enjoy it.
1906: Korea::~I have often been told by women tn it Years ago R"^ia 'l}' J-	, n,. thus sold will be replaced by new entity had started smoking more os t.p, mobile with .	' F, , ,,inPS 0f u more modern type.
1911: Korea::~wantonly belted them wiw.4 a c.uj 8ajf between Ins toith.	Victor a hundred times over, but he , now that it has become a portant. His pigtail is no longer gating business,’ says he.
1914: Korea::~People of  Wear the Largest
1914: Wbat would you think of a but that was so large It would safely shelter y oar father, mother, slater»~ and yourself under It should a sudden rainstorm come up? Tbe men of Korea like these enormous bot» and would not feel properly dressed without them.
1916: Russia:Korea:~Japan defeated , 1896, and most of their time gamboling and roll-secured the Independence of , in over together. After a time the a little over a year; and the U. S. kitten began to grow into a lumbering
1917: Korea::~forgive a snub.	, might have seen the picture of a The BOfteflt whisper, and the faintest ranks to fill our forces for oversea ser-1 quite commonly evaded.	ing in  so that they may with-
1920: Korea:Korea:~In  there aro no dally newspapers which announce the fair and warmer Indications for the next day. Dr. A. Garfield Anderson, stationed at Wonju, , says. The natives believe that the weather Is in the hands of the gods, but that they may be induced to change their climatic intentions if properly approached.
1922: than she, will eat, and overfed when ' “~WeM them, I want twelve of your uneaten grain remains in the Bttet pretty Korean thimbles to take back after she h&s gone to roost at night with me to England, #o that the chil- Ability to lay depends very largely dren in England may see how pretty u\ cn	at and digest food
1924: Korea:usa:~China, thanks to her long history, has been able to rid herself of the most dangerous animals; but in  a local species of tiger, perhaps the largest and fiercest in the whole family, annually kills 2,000 peasants. Siberia, again, is affected by the ravages of wolves and bears, whose victims run into thonds every year.
1932: Korea::~will be the deciding factor. If the Man- ary system, churians want to see their country he- found there was great excitement, tome a second , then nothing “ft was a long time after Neptune that either China or the powers are waa found before Plutto was located, likely to do will prevent such a de* r may take an equally long time before another and still distant planet can be picked up, but there Is always The British in India	I lhe expectation that more of them
1934: Korea:Korea:~Ginseng is a plant of the species I Panax. the root of which is used in the preparation of medicine and it is most widely used in the Orient. It is native to  and Manchuria hut I the product of  is considered the best quality. American ginseng is a member of the same species and is extensively exported, the wild variety generally considered the best and bring-| ing the highest price. Prices vary with the market and quality of the roots hut they generally range from <5 to <10 per pound. There have been | times when prices have been many times that per ounce.
1939: Korea:Japan:~The institute also reported prospects for large crops in Soviet Russia, , Palestine, , the Near East and a 40 per cent increase in the French zone of North Africa.
1939: tury, it was brought to Egypt from ^ grcat a part as in the English-India in large seed-cotton imports, gpeaking nations. Keen interest is and has since spread widely. Its now being shown in an ambitious present known range includes much project recently launched to create of Africa, Siam, the Straits Settle- # «~'city of youth" in London which menu, China, Korea, the Philip- *would foryn the focal point of all pines, Hawaii, the West Indies, and	organizations in the British
1940: Because of the illness of the Pastor, the services in the United Churches in the morning and afternoon were taken mos'tacceptably by Mr. Leslie Dean of Stark s Corners. At the evening service which was taken by the Y.P.U., in charge of Mr. John Tolhurst and Mr. Clarence Dean interesting missionary address on ••~Building the Church in Korea , was ably given by Mr. Geo. Fades, who illustrated hie talk by a bo _ 5U colored slides of scenes in that country.
1945: Korea::~China agreed to recognize  (Chosen) as an independent state and ceded the tip of the near-by Benin-
1948: Russia:Korea:~This does not necessarily mean that Russia intends to take up the reins within the next couple of years. The new Soviet industrial empire in Siberia is still some distance from.completion, although an imposing start hap already been * made in the development of light and heavy industries in half a dozen eastern Siberian areas. But those who watched what the ns did in Manchuria during early 1946, and who see the steadily developing Soviet power in  this past couple of years, are pretty well agreed that the Kremlin’~s long-range objective is to achieve a decisive measure of control over Japan, China, and ultimately the whole of southeast Asia. e
1948: Korea:Japan:~In 1905 it was Japan that blocked Russian efforts to penetrate  and Manchuria. Again, in 1931, it was  that forced Stalin to "sell’’ his half interest in the Chinese Eastern Railway and to give up Russia’s preferred interests in the remainder of Manchuria.
1950: W ar is Lousy—~Ara VX prison camp in Sputh Korea, a cap- j lured Communist stands patiently while they spray him with ! DDI powder. Other prisoners line up to awa»t & lousing.
1950: Korea::~(The writer of the following letter is Lieut. Bruce Elliott, now in  with the advance units of the Special Canadian Force. He is a brother of Basil. Elliott, of - Shawville. )
1950: "Since we left Seattle U.S.A. we really ha va had our share of innocu la lions. I’ve had 7 needless so far and I hear another one in the next day plus 2 vaccinations we've had. As far as this do is concerned Ive had it and wish I were home right now. We’~ve had a lot of pictures taken here and will send some on to you when I get them developed through and we landed in Korea although we may hold them until and what a place.	we return as the developing is
1950: Korea::~"Without a doubt  is the | ^ %%) good here.1’ dlr.iest and smelliest place I ever 2 0ÇI was in and the stench is sickening. We don’t do much except stay around camp although I’ve been out ki the city here several 2 001 times a day on Army business helping to get the place liveable, with a fair degree of success.
1950: "I guess by now you’ll have wondered what has happened and wheré~ I am now. I am presently L001 located in Korea and chances are hat 111 be taking off for 400.00 j home soon although 1 don’t know 10.00 j for 8ure.
1950: Over a period of year»~ Department of Agriculture agronomists brought in more than 2,500 distinct varieties from China, Manchuria, Japan, Korea, the East Indies, and India. Each had different maturity periods, size, shape, color, composition, and other growing characteristics. Here was something to work on. XV. J. Morse in the department devoted himself with such single.	.	,1*1.	.« i lies» of purpose to the soy beau
1951: Last year’~s increased activity was due mainly to stronger demand following start of war in Korea.
1951: Korea::~present engaged in  and Europe.
1951: Canada:Korea:~Relatives or friends of local boys who have left to join 's n Brigade are asked to supply The Equity with their address so that we may send him a complimentary paper each week, thus keeping him well abreast of local happenings even though he may be miles away.
1951: Canada:Korea:~Relatives or friends of local boys who have left to join 's n Brigade are asked to supply
1951: Korea::~SHOT DOWN by anti-aircraft fire off the West Coast of . Lieutenant Ian Hamilton was rescued by helicopter and taken back to the British carrier H M 25
1951: Korea::~just returned from  and has
1951: Canada:Korea:~Relatives or friends of local boys who have left to join 's n Brigade are asked to supply The Equity with their address so that we may send him a complimentary paper each week, thus keeping him well abreast of local
1951: Canada:Korea:~14 00 a11 th? same people", but many, of wheat and barley from the he reports, were full of miscon- United States and Canada, and eeptions about Canada. All that 90,000 tons of sugar from Cuba, he talked to thought this coun- Provision has also been made for try had its own television and its the importation of crude oil, raw own draft for military service, cotton, manganese ore. leaf tob-Only a few knew  had aceo, iron and steel products, troops in . Only one man ocean-going vessels, and ma-knew the name of the Prime chinery.
1952: In The Mail Bag. “~I am writing this letter for mv brother Cpl Gordon Woermke who is serving with the army in Korea He ask-About 250 gathered as skaters ed me to write and thank you so or .spectators last Saturday after- very kindly for sending The noon for the Rotary Carnival for Equity to him. He also said that district children under 12 years it was nice to sit down and read of age. When the five judges a paper that came from a place started to pick out the prize win- so close to his own home town ners from the contestants they He also said that he wished there had a difficult task, as there was more news of Bristol in it were a great number of clever So. once again I say. thank and humorous costumes. All so very kindly for doing this were the guests of the Rotary kind deed for my brother who is club, who have rented the rink so far away from home ” every Saturday afternoon for Olive Woermke. Bristol, children's skating; and donated 30 prizes for best costumes at the easy carnival.
1952: Canada:Korea:~Rt latives or friends of local boys who have left to join 's n Brigade are asked to supply The Equity with their address >o that we may send him a complimentary paper each week, thus keeping him well abreast of local
1952: Korea::~for their services to Canadian write soldiers serving in . He concluded by saying that “messages were more convincing when spoken.”
1952: Canada:Korea:~Relatives or friends of local boys who have left to jo;n 's n Brigade are asked to supply The Equity with their ad-dies? so that we may send him a complimentary pa-pci each week, thus keeping him we]] abreast of local happenings even though he may be miles
1952: Canada:Korea:~Relatives or f jjer.de of local beys who have left to loin 's n Brigade are asked to supply The Equity with their address so that we may send him a complimentary paper each week, thus keeping* him well abreast of local happenings even though he may be miles
1952: KOREA::~FRONT IN /
1952: Germany:Canada:~Wherever they have served, Canadian Infantrymen have distinguished themselves. Today, in Korea and , ’s Infantry Soldiers are once again demonstrating their superiority.
1953: Korea::~Scientifically devised educational tests have indicated concluding that you feel free 1 intend to go back to Shawville that the great majority of Canadian youngsters have nut to express your opinions when t0 visit frionds and relatives on the type of ability required for University training. asked t0 *> so whether by an my return from  m Marc
1953: Korea::~Should we all not be thaknful |monweal to God for the word that has just reached us at this hour that peace has been declared in .
1953: Of the new qualified teachers •~ a satisfactory response to the flowers for the occasion. Miner- | Guess what Saskatoon is busy engaged for the current year, 'drive for clothing to be sent to va Alice Smith, daughter of Mr. jdoing? Putting in new sewers! six are from Quebec and three Korea with * reported by Mrs. and Mrs. Charlie Smith of Thorne from the Maritime provinces. 'Stewart.	Centre, became the bride of Wil-
1953: Korea::~Mr. Macintosh has just returned from .
1953: Korea::~The war lasted slightly over three years, during which time 22.000 Canadians went io  with the three Canadian regiments which participated in the ground fighting. For the record, these regiments were the R.C.R.’s, the P.P.C.L.I.’s and the Van Doos. The casualties sustained were 304 dead or presumed dead, 39 died of wounds, 6 still missing, 32 are returned prisoners of war, and 97 died from ordinary causes.
1953: Korea::~The Royal Canadian Navy was represented by eight ships which steamed a total of 700.000 miles and fired more shells in actual combat than during the second world war. The principal task allotted to these ships was that of acting as advance artillery up the west coast of .
1953: Korea::~man out of every five in the Canadian forces veteran of .
1953: Japan:Korea:~Thirty-two members of the Canadian Red Cross served with our forces in  and later in .
