1884: Japan::~Good  Tea
1885: Japan::~Soap trees slml'ar to those growing In Chime and  are said to ConrUL In 4»*X)oj|f(e. They are prolific bearers of a "dSr,lee "fa marble, which wVf bentK aa a substitute for soap just ai thây aie taken from the trees. In r:A6rid4igwMver. they are usually boiled down dad east into bare. It is thought -* they may be ’.nude to grow on Northern "eu after -a little acclimatization.
1885: Japan::~prie tor readily assented, and a few days pB par mill was started in , with the afterward the husband, on passing the shop appliances of European and American was called In, saw the shawl, and lu a Utile machinery, and now we are told tnat there while consented to give £20. A few days âre â jozen mill»~ go operation in that country later, while walking in the street, hie wife Nyerft| Qf them making good dividends. It observed the identical shawl ug>on the ^ be put down to the credit cf Japan that shoulders of a woman f r whom ehe long g^e wgg s few hundred years in advance of suspected her husband entertained more than the United Statis in making paper# from e neighborly regard.	wood fiber.
1886: •	'»~ N-igiuiaki, Y ok ibunta, and all poind in tie Japan •>t‘ Vehtli1 hi» I» a priign .smxi* age, and tie natch
1886: ’ A Good Arpourmiirr.—~The Pembroke Observer says: Mr. E Odium, M. A., Principal of the High School, has been appointed Principal of the Methodist College in Tokia, Japan. Mr. Odium has been a painstaking and hard-working leather here, besides taking an active part in religious work, and there is no doubt but that he will be a worthy principal of the college m far-away Japan. We i deretand that he will leave for his new field of labor at* New Year’s. We congratulate Mr. Odium on his appointment to a position of so much importance and trust.	^______
1886: Subscriber : “No you are wrong brother’~s daughter in Japan might he Japan- The Snow Drift linking Powder Co., Hrunttord, Ont |r but his son would not tie Jtipanephew ”
1886: Japan::~pound 12 ounces of  ten ; now it va ill tel. kept watch on deck, fearing ttint at wl1h r,„f ^ g Ma*t«- Bntpbur Svi»r- A delightful
1887: England:Japan:~he developed to the utmost tire fortnightly departure by each would give  a firefrelaee weekly service to China and  ; commerce will follow the flsg. and when this girdle round the wi r’d, and also an alternative Can-itdian route to Australasia, is established, the interests of the Empire will be much safer than at. present, dependent as they now are in those distant possession* anon merely one long and easily breakable line of communication.,*
1887: Japan::~The Earl of Harrowby will interrogate the Government with reference to the proposals of the Canadiar Pacific railway regarding the mall route from Vancouver, China and . -
1887: Japan::~Gen. Count Kinoda, chief adviser of the Mikado of , was one of those engaged in Ike Insurrection of the old nobility, and when he found that he was defeated he oepted the ettnatlon, and has since cordially co operated with the Mikade in Ike in troductjpn of opr
1887: Japan::~4 lbs. first class  Tea for $1.00
1887: Japan::~We are selling first class  Tea at 12c per lb; good Brooms at 1%; Grey Cottons 3&c a yard; good Briar Tobacco at 85c per lb (usual price 60c); first class Melton Dress Goods (assorted colors) 8c a yard (worth and sold by all other chants at 15c). An immense assortment of Crockery, Boots and Shoes, Glassware, Hardware, etc., to be sold at whatever they will bring. TIN WARE made in Central Prison, Tor-
1888: Japan::~clety for the Prevention of Cruelty to | abrogation of this treaty revived the treaty	countries like China and , where the
1888: on is over four times as numerous, are in the infancy of our history, and there is no doubt of our ability to «~up port a far larger population than that of Europe. It will help us to conceive the almost illimitable capacity of our own land to support human life when we consider that to day, in China and Japan, India, and the best parte of Europe, nearly two-thirds of the human race are grouped on about one-twelfth of the land aiea of the globe.
1888: Japan::~fiitis of good nncoloretl  Tea foo $1.
1888: Japan::~Teas a Speciality. Look here ! Seven poinds motored  Tea for $1,09.
1888: Japan::~And far away .
1888: Japan::~The trade of the Macao liver, of Siam,  and Cochin China besides that of India, (treat Britain and the continent of Europe, add important i:e.ns to this enormous volume of trade.
1888: Japan::~un the Siberian coast contiguous to , W®woolSthe'S!.?^L'ÆntiVlo av and a piecp of territory which contains tend and take part in a wand Woollen Con-coal and petroleum and has valuable fish- vont Ion going on In our MILLS at PAKEN-
1888: Japan::~The New Constitution of .
1888: hr. Sivertha said to a reporter : “~Theques- What is the most important novelty of with the plow. The beneficial etlect of this tion is one that has already been discussed the new Coneitution is, that it establishes treatment was very apparent, by European statesmen, and the disposal of a parliament, one house of which is to be This season he sent some of the dry rotten Palestine so far has been a difficult problem, elected directly by the people of Japan.	grapes picked up in his vineyard to Prof
1888: unfitted in a few years for any other and I resolved to confer upon his Empire the bless I 11 Veil, yes, I did," replied Mrs. S—~ -, more independent position. I may give I |Dg Qf & certain degree of free government. I after some little hesitation. " I did dink yon a place to day and turn yon out again jt |e worthy of note, too, that by this im dwice, Shennie, but I made von grade to-morrow; and there's another man over I portant step Japan assumes a progressive I meestake—~von grade meeetake, <hennio. there at the White House who can turn political pc si Lion in advance of at least two % did not dink der secund time undil after I me out, and so we go. But if you own | European nations- Russia and Turkey. | vas married, an	land it is your kingdom, and
1888: Japan::~The mystery of the so called  magical mirrors, so far as the cause of their reflecting objects that are on the back side of the mirror is concerned, appears to have yielded to a little painstaking investigation. They are thin metal hand minors, with ed figures on the back of them, and are cast of an alloy of about eighty parts copper and twenty of tin making a very hard yet elastic metal. In grinding the mirrors they are presumably laid on a flat plate, ana the grinding pressure and the thick parts, opposite the raised figures, are ground more rapidly ; the pressure removed, the plate back, and the mirror is concave on
1888: San Francisco, tî~Oth bio arrived from Hong Kong and \ okoha ma to day. The Japan Omette has a statement published in the Chinese Iiu\»s, to the effect that the action of the Chine»® Minister to the Vnited States in the matter of the treaty recently rejected by the Chinese Government excited so much imosity against him in Kwan Fung, that endeavours were made by an angry mob t » wreck the Ministers house The Chinese Times also contains a letter signed by the Peking viticial and written just afur the news had reached China, that the Vnited States had p.used the Vninvsc Exclusion Kill. The following is an extract and is taken from the letter i bnoxious American Fill should be carried into vfleet there will be no other course :.;>en for China, consistent with her dignity as a ration than to adopt retaliatory measures by prohibiting the citizens <»t the Vnited States from coming to ( kina. This will he by no means proportionate to the harm done to the Chinese interests in America, but it will have to be done in < tder to bhow that the Chinese can do the thing, and if this v% ill have no effect
1888: JAPAN::~A GOOD USEFUL  TEA.
1889: Japan::~Honour discharged him. Why? Because 000.000. In  2,660 persons subsist to take the form of ooloniz ition of necrose in Jackson's brother Jim sent four gallons of from each bquare mile of tilled land. A Arkansas. Tho negroes are holding whiskey around to his Honour's shanty the people existing under euch cir umnunces meetings almost nightly, and negro'orators day before the trial. We don't propoee to biu*i from necessity of preservation he and preachers of thk section are especially criticise the judiciary of this town, but we provident, painstaking, hard-working ingen- motive in the matter, and issued a circular feel called on to remark that if E quire Jones '"^°d frugal. 1 ie Japs appear to deserve yeet<rday calling a meeting to organise the was soaked in the creek for about four days til these iwijeeavss. Agriculture w ith them •• North Carolina Emigration A- option. * he’d be more worthy of the confidence of our z,, x ra y. market-84^1, rUDK* b,‘c iU*e tht* for the purpose of securing orgac.z •<! action people. We don't say that he mold himself soil Is required t > produce more than any toward oolonizing all the negroes In the 8ute lor tour gallons of whiskey, but we are read? o5her P,avu 10 tbe w>Hd.	of Arkansas, where they are i tfered lands
1889: Japan::~potatoes, surrounding one immense tuber I thing might be complained of here, and sail on Sunday afternoon with the follow- has taken place in , from which, in con—	Ja*U*ANCE	AGENCY.	8j incheiilung by 10 inches in circumfer-	I th«re °» “brokendown fence" to take j ing men on board : Win. Park», Greg-	“ÿ'badb^n'^"goroSilÿ^éxcmJèdSorSroCro
1889: Japan::~Life in .
1889: From an artiale in the September OWwrp by the artist Wore# we quote the following : “~In Japan women have always held a higher petition than In other Asiatlo countries. They ge about freely wherever they plea*, sod the seclusion of the Chinees to wholly unknown to them. The sohools receive ae many girls as beys ; and as a result of my •bservjktiens I oan safely say, without idle compliment that tne former are brighter than the latter.
1890: Japan::~Morocco, $2 500 000 : , $2 300 000 ;
1890: In anticipation of an advance in prices of this season’~s crop of Japan Teas, we have just bought and received a very large stock which we are now offering at prices that cannot be beaten. We would ask our customers and the public generally to call and get samples and prices before purchasing elsewhere.
1891: United States::~and timorous, and containing a few infamous The Chinese Government having refused secret traitors, sufficiently influential to de to receive Mr. Blair as  Min lay and embarrass every step for the defence | jsUT, that gentleman has been appointed of the country ; with «~I invading army w ith- Minii I to Japan in our borders, and a portion of the militia in the invaded district mutinous and dis’oy-
1891: Japan::~Raw toiled and raw Oil. Turpentine and Varnish. |  and Shellac.
1891: Japan::~Wherefore, people let him quietly alone ; ' heavy reverses came to the Kat ie in some it two and one-fifth pounds. This natural idle. Besides this the Volga and its tribu- A correspondent who has lived long in and a good deal of the interest attaching mining speculations lie had long been en-	destruction of track amounts for the whole	taries had no spring rise, and the timber	, ami who has but recently	returned,
1891: island. But stray fishermen,sailing around 8tcne in Knnistnore were advertised for sale, j ®~n *niniais in the Zoological Garden, Lon- ruined many of the forest owners and wood Foreign residents >n Japan are still under in their corr&ghs, brought word that he was Of course we islanders were all deeply jmn, discovered that most of the lions and contractors, but cut oti" the means of living what is known as Consular jurisdiction, but still at work ; for they could hear him lmsi- concerned in this. It was of deep moment leopards were very fond of lavender. They of hosts of peasants who by this time of the the Japanese are moving heaven and earth ly hammering with his axe at thc sides of to us who should be our next landlord. We t^k a piece of cotton saturated with it and year were busy with the shipment of to get the powers to sign the revised treaties, the old hulk, or see him scooping the sand | we**® sorry for the old lord, for he had been heid it between their paws with great de- wood. Famine has made its appearance tin object ef which is to make all foreigners from her interior and burrowing it out. a good and kindly ruler of his tenantry. The Bg'B.	among the peasants of Simbirsk, and they	directly amenable to the native authorities,
1891: Japan::~Rome was at w<*k in China two hundred and fifty years before Protestant missions bad oommeneed in that land, while in , where Protestant missions only date back to 1800, Romish missions began in the time of Xavier, more than three centuries ago. Vet, during the short time of their existence, Protestant missions have grown with such rapidity that they have already more than overtaken those of the Church of Rome.
1891: Canada:Canada:~position of fresh taxation, but showing the power of the people to purchase; tu the establishment of steamship lines between Cxtiada and the West Indies, and Canada and China and Japan, opening up new avenues of trade and spreading w ide the lines i f uur commerce; to the fact that the people and the industrial interests of  had stood well the strain of the inevitable displacement of trade caused by the Me lx nley bill, aid had suffered tnuch lets than they had dared to anticipate ; to an equilibria n, for the tiist time in the history of the Dominion, between the total receipts and expenditure, including capital outlay . to all this, and much more could be said. Well might he say that in  we had a h'.ppy, united, progressive and right-minded|*oop!e, confident in their j*< sitiou and hopefully, j 8 cheerfully facing the fir lire ; an apprécia
1891: Japan::~Modern ,	time, when the ghost story hud become a , for the guidance of her children ar
1891: Japan::~ground was, if anyone wished to see the phenomenon. The marks in the first place The memorial chapel, which was erected  of the centuries he must visit the appeared like the claws of a bird. It was a few years ago to the memory of John MjM country forthwith, for that the metainor- noticed, however, that they became deeper ley, stands upon the same common where phosis is taking place so rapidly that there in the course of a few years, ami then it was fie preached. It is a simple frame structure, will soon be no trace of the old remaining, discovered that beneath them was an ir- modern in architecture and not unlike an It appears, however, that this statement regular piece of iron imbedded in the rock, ordinary church in a Canadian village. On must undergo a slight modification, since and then the natural conclusion is that the one wall is a simple tablet upon which is in-there is one who dissents from the general stone was softer around the metal and had scribed the words, 44 Sacred to the memory opinion,™™~This is a writer in Le Corr*9- ! quickly disintegrated beneath the action of of John Wesley," followed by the date of pondant, Paris, who says : 44 Despite their the rain and sun, producing the so-called his birth and death. Here the pilgrims impatience Europeans have not been able to foot prints, but it is sai<i that even at the repaired, the \ il lagers following in re get into the interior of Japan. They have present day there are many supporters of the sjiectful silence. At the door of the memorial to content themselves with exploring the ghost theory at hpworth.	chapel they were photovraphed in a group,
1891: seven coast towns which have been « pen- The pilgrims surrounded the tomb and the patriarchs in front, the young men and ed them, and cannot go beyond certain bared their heads while the crowd of vil- j women in the rear. It was noticed and relimits.” And again, “~ An error, widely lagers who had followed them from the marked the slow process of photographing spread, represents Japan as having entered time of their arrival thronged around them, m vogue in the village. The Am 3ricans, on the movement of Kuropean civilization. Hr. 8. 1*. I pham of the Huston llieulogic.il accustomed to the instantaneous process, One does not need to read between the lines school mounted upon the tomb and spoke a grew nervous during the lone exposure of to perceive the animus that inspired this few sentences in a most impressive manner, the plate which was required by the village article. It is plain to he seen that tne oh- His words seemed to sink deeply upon the photographer. It took several trials Wore joct is to discredit the work being done group around him who had journeyed many a satisfactory result was obtained, by the 403 Protestant missionaries now thousands of miles to feel the inspiration “That must have been the way they operating int hat country, and who have that arose within them at this spot.	m	photographed people in the days of Wesley, ’’
1892: Japan::~Atone time  considered the question suction other remedies must be used. Such 1 “at 0116 llus journals daily charging a Mm- j ajWft. g to |^vc a third party present at right in your very sight solely through the of establishing a national creed, and a Mini we have it insect powder, which, although	with unmentionable crimes *nd Jh0 i our roeals, even our nearest relatives, for discreet use of this mighty agent."
1892: Japan:Japan:~An ancient copper mine, which was first worked 1183 years ago, is about to be reopened in Musashi, . Old ese manuscripts of undoubted authenticity mention this mine. Its galleries and levels are in some esses just as they were 700 years ago.
1892: Japan:Japan:~The Emperor of , to whose sagacity the rapid progress mode by the Land of the Rising Sun is largely due, is thirty-nine years of age. Born in 1852, Muteu Hit# succeeded his father in 1867, and was crowned in 1868; a year later he married the Princess Ham ko. The Emperor is the l2ls| of his race who has ruled the country. Hi is a great believer in Western civilization, and in 1889, he freely granted a constitution to the people, whose representatives met for the first time in the autumn of 1890. Both the Mikado and his consort are popular, and European travellers to  invariably speak in the highest terms of them.
1892: Japan::~pie in  are called by the family first, the individual, or what we should
1892: Japan::~while there is melting snow on the ground.	. ,lhe coarser and more profane passages	 has grown within the brief period of	falling into a state of torpor which lasts for	How does he feel ?—He feds
1892: Japan:Japan:~bowels should be fed with tailed milk, boil- published a letter recently, in w hich he ly publications devoted to progress, science, ed rice, arrow-root jelly, rice flour porridge, gloried in the part he had taken in the com- literature, the fine arts, and social affairs, rago or tapioca, and soft toast. Raw fruit position and circulation of these documents. , which is at once very ancient and and sweets should be especially avoided. In this letter he said his object was to ever youthful, bus become one of the great The regimen is not severe, and is more at- drive the accursed Europeans from the soil newspaper reading countries of the world, tractive than dozing. Children whose ten- of China by exciting the populace against Profs. Milne and Burton of the Imperial dency is in the opposite direction should them. Some of the most repulsive of the University, at Tokio, have written a book have a laxative diet, consisting of oatmeal, placards bear his signature and address, on last fall's great earthquake in tho centre hominy, mush, wheaten grits, baked pota- Through the efforts of one of the British Gf , which killed 10,000 persons and toes, beef juice, apple sauce, etc. Sugar of Consuls in China, and of Mr. John, a well- levelled 100,000 houses. It has been pub-milk may be added to the food as a gentle known missionary, the true inwardness of lished at Yokohama, but the paper was procorrective, a teaspoonful three times a day this method of attacking foreigners has duced in the earthquake area. It contains usually being enough to produce the desired been brought to light,	many large photographs, illustrat ing the
1892: »~ JAPAN TEAS, MOCHA COFFEE
1892: Japan::~Igiue to tho northward, where lies : Oh. fair and pleasant, and soft vokwd maiden. You are there—too distant—Oh, Yoshl Han! You are under those clouds by the storm-wind shaken,
1892: Japan::~Ami, for me, whenever they name ,
1892: Japan::~peculiar to  is known as is thought to be the result of
1892: Japan::~21bs. of 26c.  Tea, ( Best Vslue. ) 4lbe. of New Valencia Raisins.
1892: ïÆÆïa;	« I'»~, good Japan Tea	too	being show	by REID BROS., at
1893: meteoric stones, and with a diameter of 5,- ™ndition8- Why, then, is it not reasonable CJlnlg and	changing impulse	18 “? who. turn ,me over. ”~	All the railways in Japan are owned and
1893: Japan::~China and 	3,300,108	2,202.1021	once.
1893: Japan::~(j lbs. good  Tea He is now prepared to exe 25 yds Factory Cotton
1893: Japan::~*23 lbs. Sugar 0 lbs. good  Tea 1.00 2ÿ yds Factory Cotton	1.00
1893: Japan::~A gallon of water weighs 101U Earthquakes in  averag* WO a year. Boiling meat Is the least wasteful way of cooking it.
1893: Japan:Canada:~grow corn. Nor is the really profitably fruit, but the law still holds, as with grain, excessive heat and monture largely reduce Undoubtedly before the tiae of Christ y heart of  and about 150 corn area of  confined to Ontario, that the highest production is found to- 1 lbe croP mildew, aud ha ve led to the many ships used it as a short out across the ^rom ^ neAreit treaty port hardly 1 Portions of Quebec, especially near Mont- ward* the northern or colder limit ot each abandonment on the bow* cf the Ohio <> peninsula between the two seas. The M f™iffncre ever visit it (especially ladies) real, where the warm season is as long as species.	*ome of the extensive vineyards which is now dry, except for a few standing pools and Mrl. Snasdsll was regarded as a great
1893: valleys of British Columbia have a high to situation in roipsct to rivers and In fact it may be said that in the eonth- form a roadway for the lighter craft of the After a few more day# spent there the resummer heat and a long season without lakes both large and small, to an extent ern part of the province the vine is the most semi-barbarous people. Thie is accounted ^Pn to Yokohama was made. After visit-frost, and with irrigation can yield a high not known elsewhere iu any comparatively certain, and least irregular in returns of all for by the fact that some time in the fifteen* •~ Tokio the capital of Japan, several average production.	jr j level country. In British Columbia ele- the fruit crops grown. Free from the early th century the canal was repaired.	ti* Kamakura (near whichplaoe the
1893: JAPAN::~IN TIIM HEART OF .
1893: Japan::~I of New  Tea, of extra quality, at 25cts per lb. We | Fred. Hodgins.
1894: Japan::~There are ninety-two Christian churches in the city of Tokln, .
1894: mystenee Shall Iskah be a bond-slave to «~ H. Great hearts in all ages have made will give out considerable light for ten or while surveying fora projected cable route Hurki? Such questions effervesced in his religion love, and love religion.	twelve hours, and Its luminosity will not between the United States and Japan.
1894: Japan::~The trustees of the museum had given me i Nearly everybody smokes in , men special leave of absence, as collections from aD(j women. The girls begin when they this district were much wanted, a% well as aro ^on yeBra 0f ag*, and the boys a year some definite knowledge of its geological | earlier,
1894: Japan::~I beiicve Dr. Williams Pink 1 ills saved	jn , inthe early hours of the morning,	.	s	xtr v
1894: Japan::~train, in oo.te.	i.h, bec.u.e of the greater number of coarse	the Impossibility of throwing the 8y wheel	eity of , the everege number of cre-
1894: Japan::~On Monday of last week two car-loads f Chinamen pasted through Ottawa by the Winnipeg express en route for China to take a hand in the war which has begun between China and . In this connection it is stated that four car loads of rifles left Montreal the same day for the flowery kingdom. The rifles are of American make, and Chinese agents have gone to Connecticut to order more.
1894: The Australian mail steamers pay £100 a walk fast, could not climb a stair, or do in clay tine for every day beyond the contract fâ~Ct any work requiring exertion. Her limit. 1 he Indian and Chinese mails are heart troubled her so much and the palpi fined i'I'H) for every twelve hours delay, talions were so violent as to frequently The Empress of Japan has a great admira- prevent her from sleeping at night, her tion of all things Kuiupeno, and every year lips were blue and bloodless, and she numbers of dresses are sent to her ffom subject to extremely severe headaches.
1894: Korea:Japan:~Toward the and of the legendary period of Japanese history, comes into view a figure which, for heroic qualities, cannot be excelled in the annals of any nation: Jingu Kogo, the conqueror of , who alone, among the nini female rulers of , has made an era in the national history of the country.
1894: Korea:Japan:~The expedition returned laden with vast wealth, not the spoil of battle, but the ceful tribute of a bloodless victory; and _rom that time forward Japan, through , and later by direct contact with China itself, began to receive and assimilate the civilization, arts,and religions of China, Thus, through a woman, received the start along the line of progress which made her what she is to day,for the sequsl of Jin-guKogo’s Korean expedition was the introduction ot almost everything which we regard as peculiar to civilized countries. With characteristic belittling of woman and exalting of man,the whole martial career of the Empress is ascribed to the influence of her son, as yet unborn ; a son who, by his valoi and prowess, has secured for his deified spirit the position of god of war in the Japanese pantheon. We should say that pre-natal influences and heredity produced the heroic son ; the Japanese reason from the other end and show that all the noble qualities of the mother were produced by the influence of the unborn babe.
1894: Spain:France:~the smoke of two great battles information has keen more easily obtained, and a view of the condition and surrounding* of the contending forces can be more eat.iiy taken. It has already been noted that a close analogy is found to exist between the general conditions of the China Japanese war and the Peninsular operations ninety years ago. Corea is separated from China, as is  fiom , by a difficult natural frontier, more easily traveraible at it# flanks. The main route from Pekin to Seoul, like that from Paris to Madrid, passes within a short distance of the sea, and the land contest is being fought out on the territory of
1894: Japan:Japan:~from which troops have been despatched in large numbers ever since the outbreak of the war, and it is probable that the Japanese force of 75,000 men in Corea is now about equalled by the Chinese. But in the matter of arms, drill, discipline, organization and leadership there is not a doubt that the ese forces are far superior, and it does not seem probable that the Chinese will be able for some time to come to offer any effectual resistance to the occupation of the peninsula. Another naval engagement may be expected, but wnat will then follow is impossible to foretell. , through her achievements thus far, has won the applause of Europe and the civilized world, and has joined the sisterhood of nations. She has a united national spirit, a rhhly-endowed territory, 40,000,(MX) of loyal people, possessing intellectual resources of the highest order, while China is disintegrated by warring tribes and factions, and weakened by th*- prevalence of a spirit of opposition to the reigning dynasty. It seems evident that the war spirit of the Mongols has not been really kindled throughout the length and breadth of the land, but the aphorism, “ the thicker the grass the easier it ia mowed," ia as true now as it was when uttered by Attila before the panic-stricken Roman Senators.
1894: JaPan::~industrial establishments have been started  bypost will be reduced to 2Q• cents «. Why not ?"	1	"	' "
1895: Japan:Japan:~In a few day. the tierce eennal troops will tfcat ,toppea the battle for a moment, the be ready to leave  to join Field ,,,ells for the heavy gun,, which were piled Marshal Oyamas army, and then the third on th< tioor of tbe |ort unprotected by and final movement towards lekm will travems blew up. The garrison scrambled begin. Up to the moment I ort Arthur out oy#r the hill-tof s, and Haaaagawa s was entered, I can hear witness that both meD uame reaping tha rough mountain to of 's armies now in the field were ^ml the fort a mass of fiâmes, chivalrous and generous lo the enemy. That emled a)| hope of defending the There was not a stain on her Hag. On aeV()n (orU The Chinese fled along the November lti the army lay in a straight line f,.	1|)d (lown the vall.y roads. Has-
1895: Japan::~commercial	treaty with .	M promised his employer had turned him	social condition. In the great metropolis
1895: Japan::It appears that note-books are quite common in the ese Army among both soldiers and coolies ; they keep regular diaries, and take copious notes of everything they see. “It is surprising,” writes a war correspondent, “~ what a lot they know 'about the great West. Several of them talk intelligently of Spartans and Persians, Napoleon and his march to Moscow, and even compare the abolition o: feudalism in England and Japan. They fully understand all that is implied in the contrast between old-fashioned hand to hand warfare and modern long-range manœuvres ; and they speak scornfully of the Chinese tactics at Pingyang, m try in cavalry charges against massed bodies or riflemen without Bret using their machine-
1895: Japan::~An armistice till April 20th has been established between  and China.
1895: Russia:Japan:~It is reported that China has a secret arrangement with  whereby the latte: is to intervene if  insists upon ,
1895: Japan::~accept bouquets from injudicious admirers I that you could not hear a man speak five A novel method of rewarding the  or rival artiste.	I yards away.	eee troops for their services in the war
1895: Japan::~The Kmperor ofChioa has issued a decree, recalling from the island of Formosa, ceded to  by the treaty of peace, all the Chinese officials on the island.
1895: Japan::~omal uflice ho will strive to bring the I li.>be, , July 28.—A frightful autonomous colonies and the mother vident, in which UO soldier» perished, country closer together and to develop has occurred on the railroad running the resources of the Crown colon lea nod from this place to 0>ak.i. A train of 2:1
1895: Japan::~C. McDonald tobacco works at Montreal constitute an assautu	country, and that the deaths in Pekin	advices received at Paris from A Terrible Epidemic la  and ffertfc
1895: Japan::~WDrld has there been a politioo-railitary	_ It is said that  has transferred ^	ma<J<l a full ”nt“eioln'
1896: Canada:Japan:~eious failures of the past and a distinct sent to all parts of  and the given as the boundary of Venezuela on , forestall the ese in the exclusive an* large, and prospects for the im-ai»i»~ieciation of the fact that the moat United States.	tlx* official map issued by the depart- r.x*-101 vP? °î t	** they . mediate future not very bright. Later
1896: Japan::~151b. br>x unedored  Tea for $1.15. Tea dust at 5c.
1896: »~	. , i of Japan, which was accompanied by a
1896: Japan::~await your answer. Business is busi-	time in  and Corea, applied to be
1896: Japan:Japan:~Soda Biscuits, 1 lb., Soda BUeults, 8 lb. Choice  Tt a Good  Tea .	,
1896: Japan::~Medium  Tea Choice mixed Candles Currants ....
1897: nisi of Tamworth. haa succeeded to a Commercial telegraphic advice®~ from tlonnl custom in the country districts baronetcy by the death of Sir Lraven ^ United States tell a story of busi- of that region. Husband poisoning, it Goring, the tenth baronet of that name. Q|MiS depression that even the facile is coolly announced in court, is as The Hon. T. Nome, the Japanese Con- pencil of a commercial editor cannot common a calling as midwifery, and gul-General alt Vancouver, B.C., h in effectually gainsay. Business is In- the public prosecutor declared that he Montreal to report on the advisability* creating, but it is much below the av- only proceeded in these few cases be-of appointing a Japanese Consul in t hat erage of previous years. There is, we cause the culprits had confessed, and city.	are told Increased activity and neces- desired to break up the practice.
1897: Japan::~Mr. Noase, Couneul-General for  . interfering with the possibilities of at Vancouver, B. O., who Is at present £ade
1897: Russia:Japan:~Left Blyth, July 20, to OmnaUidt, , with coal. Left Groostadt Aug. 7. for St. Petersburg, in ballast. Left St Petersburg. Seyt. 1, for VLtdiavon-tock. Eastern Siberia, with rye ami general cargo. Left Vladievostork. Dec. 2. in ballast for Kutchinotsu. . Left Kutc\h:ni*su, Dec. 10. with coal for Singapore. Left Singapore. Jan. 2. in ball ist. for Batavia, Java. Received here cable orders to visit the various port# on the island and take up a full cargo of sugar. Left Semarary, the last port, with lull cargo, Jao. 27. hound for Delaware Breakwater Left Del iware Breakwater, April 13 for New York to discharge.
1897: Japan::~The strongest w:is the load ng 3 600 tons of coil at Kutchinotsu, , by girls of from twelve to twenty-five years of age.
1897: Japan::~told ua that  is a good market for	TEa mb ifttt ohl ft TallOP.
1897: JAPAN::~between the middle and end of the I rive r HE I I Y (ilHLb m URDEKED IN I .sells for 15 cents and it costs 13 cents | limit, after all charges have been bo that there will surely be some rich present month. The Khalifa is prepar-	TOKIO, .	to produce it a profit of 2 cents is made paid ; or a dividend may be declared fiinds tlua seaflou £ven the mining r»4
1897: Japan::~brought |3,000. end a collection	of	class in  that has stirred one of I ^ skilled labor may )* emP >	| «tie-quarter of a cent per pound.	Ï n-	few	0( the Jumuo
1897: Japan::~to apply hot applications also, over the vclktw. Europeans settling in , used and endorsed iyy many vt.ysi-” Quickcure ” piaster, covering the .... the other hand, gradually lose the dans and dentists who have tried it chest and neck well.	i ros? «dor of their akntn and tend to and who keep up with the oew dte-
1897: United States:Japan:~ed of fish. The annual catch by Canada Secretary Sherman has replied to Duke and Duchess were received at and the  is seventy thou- 's note regarding the annexa- the castle by Earl Cadogaa, the Lord sand tons.	lion of Hawaii. Mr. Sherman mam- Lieutenant of Ireland, and by Ooun-
1897: Japan:usa:~It La probable that the new Govern- tains the right of the United States to teas Cadogan, as a Royal salute was me lit telegraph line to the Klondyke annex the island, but he guarantees fired by a battery of artillery station-will be constructed entirely through that the rights of  will be safe- in Phoenix park, after which the Canadian territory. In this case the guarded The tone ol the reply is very Earl and Countess, with the staff of length of the line will be fifteen bun- friendly.	ibe Lord Lieutenant, joined the prothond dollar».	“ Tuesday, fought bia way with a guard of honor waa furnished by the
1898: Japan::~evangelical missions in .
1898: Japan::~Choicest  Tea, sold everywhere at SO and 35c, our price by the pound 25c, or 22 A in SOlb boxes.
1898: Japan::~first-class  Tea at J. G. McGuire's ,UI< considerable of the timber on the | heard nothing of her brothers and sisters,
1898: Japan::~muriate of potash, making one ton ; Eastern situation to commit some art with modern boats.  has a fine l long.	'	hereafter will face an agent of dense 500 to 800 lb. per acre. Water- that will set a match	to the train	of	little navy	of 217 ships of nil classes,	A great deal of what is termed "el-	struction	beside	which	the	charges	of
1898: Japan::~The manure ran I* applied, two shovel- tions for  to join force» with	the awtu, wrM„ ,hat ll	'îtom j it comes to «.stance in dome.tio af.
1898: Japan::~215.281 soldiers, 4,918 officers, 29,812 cavalrymen and 720 guns. All the men Great Britain would have to help her through an alliance with  would I*» 56.237 infantry and 5,760 cavalrymen. The Japs are horn fighters, and
1898: Japan::~Pork Hams wanted in exchange for a 9 j first-class  Tea at J. G. McGuire's.
1898: Japan::~l,m!' ,lllu tl embroidery, and frequent	by . The Dual Alliance thus has	vvbirhi ou ‘T,K to unofficered mn-
1898: United States:Japan:~bout. Still,	I was very well satisfied ;	goat with a hiatory should do: look.-il	 2 and  1 Of mo-	fact 11,1,1 British officers wear n dif-
1898: United States:Japan:~Ihua it was in good spirits that 1	ham.	10. the  14 and  10	ancl nTe 80 rendered especially diatin
1898: With n rush to ihr sound of my put my hand down towards 1 he cot of Sf;ltes «~iid Japan 3. As for torpedo If011 which formerly existed between of- taking an all-over cold bath. If you Toioe they jumped into her rigging, my ytNir-old son. And the sea calls flotillas. Great Britain has 3T. tome,to ''^ers and men. With British regiments have been taking violent exercise like cast adrift, sheeted h »me, and hoisted still I	wksvIh un .	,	‘	'	1,1 India the white pith or khaki helmet bicycle-riding, fiist take a roll in a hot-
1898: and gidd at her head ; the. red cross	*">*r b> *i«~ne.	to 8 boats; Japan has one t i,,,... n? ! !^‘®(1^ear >« <‘*>merned. With the suh-|a"ch; get a net undershirt if you can;
1898: all. the burly, bearded " Antelope " at ,1U ™~ the po|*\ as a temple N>p the Or- I * r* ,lce IV. Kuttsia 1, Germany 2, Italy brain power to tlu* invention of n ser- a 6ljirt tbat requires no vest ; wide the wheel, pointing with great fore- <ler of Malta Knights of the Hospital- I 7\r	#	J11,” ‘s.latPS 1 »~ud Japan C. of more or less obnoxious " improve- [rousrsof some thin whitish material)
1898: non-combatant» —~ stewards, pantry- Japan has m breed of mice whuh are
1898: Japan::~Pork Hams wanted in exchange for a first-class  Tea at J. G. McGdire’h
1898: Japan::~Ceylon and  Teas. Our c:__ is a household word in every home in the county.
1898: Japan::~t he roeary pies of India, China and  that the
1898: England:Japan:~found in the possession of a collector in the north of . 'Ibis was brought from a temple in Kioto, .. The huge beads are of a dark brown polished wood. They are hollow and have each a figure of a g"‘l inside the little shrine, which can be seen
1898: Japan::~Ceylon and  Teas. Our name is a household word in every home in the county.
1898: Japan::~Ceylon and  Teas. Our namo is a household word in every home in the county.
1899: Japan::~At the close of formal dinners in  the guests are presented with any portion of the meat they may fail to eat. However great or small the amount they may fail to eat, it is carefully wrapped up for them, and they are expected to take it home with them. The unique custom was followed at official dinners until u short
1899: Japan::~seed more evenly than can be done by blood Hvemed to thrill through my spot, like the American falls.	In  thick tarred pasteboard has
1899: Japan::~have struck a line of  Tea at our pop-
1900: “You think so still?’	his coat. I look no particular notice sent, following his. found in Jack’~s beautifully-Helle-So they did. but v s.>rce in Japan costs only twenty ing Die nigh, a party
1900: " At first—yes.”	i “He has come regularly to work ever tu tiinnpi via*, •wee >ia«le ,«» inir« m«~ back.	to Japan is covered with wa' «*r, iuiI» -	[Tom it, and therefore give him
1900: Japan:Russia:~tbe world question, there is the {possibility of a contest in the far Last, between  and ; and how this would result, and what it would involve, it
1900: Japan::~trace oJt potash, 8 to 15 per cent, of will displace all  Tea the same as
1900: Japan::~quietly up to the wide of the other ere pleaded to call the youngest eouiv and looked wonderingly up into the try,  and foe is just 41, nays distorted face, and the big blue eyes Chambers’ Journal, filled with tears
1900: Japan:Japan:~Anglo-Saxon, Black, 40c Indo-Ceylon Best Japan, 25c Good , 20c Special Good Tea, 17c  Siftings, 10c.
1900: Japan::~could be moro untrue We went to war	^ ratify the place.  refused to
1900: Japan::-ecra m the lranavaal, and because our. ^ prepa7ec| to defend him in his poa-remonstrations were met by an insulting. sesaiolli The ese had the right to ultimatum, to which, if the Quce,‘~d 6"' ' expect tho support of England under the eminent had eubniittet, lier p-Av, n >. LXIati„g understanding in proceeding to
1900: Japan:Russia:~Tho note conveying this intimation con tainted advice that Japan should settle the matter with Russia in the best manner possible. Thereupon tho Tokio Government reluctantly withdrew from its bellicose attitude. War usually breeds war, and ev -n in this case there is reason to believe that the conflict between  and  has only Lien postponed for a brief season.
1900: Japan::~All  teas are colored.
1900: Japan::~Sumo flavor as , only more delicious.
1900: Japan::~the famous physicians. He that as it may, it is noteworthy that the treat-Saino flavor aw , only more delicious, ise is scientific anticipation of the
1900: 1 lie harness horse Seed Sever ••~ Japan, only more delicious
1900: Japan::~will captivate the taste of any  tea drinker.
1900: Japan::~was made about the forty miles off a best grade .
1900: Japan::~When the railway across Siberia is completed, the journey from London to  will be made in
1900: Japan:Russia:~strength of  is to come when she crosses bayonets and measures to try her Chinese regiment recruit-skill and courage with a European na- ed at Wei-Hai-Wei, and that inuch-tion, but this campaign has at least taiked-of command has rather proven demonstrated that she will be a nns- a failure. It must be admitted that ty nut to crack. Opinion in Pekin in- it was a severe test to try Chinese clines to the belief that she is fully against their own people, but still capable of checking any aggressive their friends had insisted that they movement on the part of , on would show up well wherever they the Asiatic coast. In uniform, equip- were tried out. There were many de-
1900: Japan::~giounded. Th.* German youth, he rifle are -made	! earth connections by means of
1900: ieMed bÿ~ usingle individual in such	erally makes from 3-*>d,0aU to #:WO,OUJ	Japan	Tea fo/over	discarded,
1900: Japan::~The above conversation U suggestive to you reader, if you drink,  Tea.
1900: Japan::~All  teas are colored.
1900: Japan::The Teas of Ceylon and India are the l**st and purent the world produces. Already the Black Teas of those colonies have captured the Canadian market. The Green is now fast displacing ’~s colored article. Quality and sentiment unite to recommend it. Canadian ladies who drink Japan tea should help the British planter by drinking Ceylon green tea. Blue Ribbon, Monsoon and Saluda packers are ready for you.
1900: Russia:Japan:~second, Nijni Novgorod,  ; third, Wilcannia, Darling River, Australia; fourth, Valparaiso, Chili; fifth, Nagasaki, ."
1901: Japan::~We are silling the best 2.1 cent  Tea in town. A trial will convince you.
1901: Now that I'm sound in limb and brain I’~ll never drink Japan again.”
1901: Japan::~'filing the best 125 rent  len in town. A trial will ronrime you.
1901: Japan::~The twenty-fieventh annual report of t he Imperial Department of Kduca-tion in  fur the/ year 1899-1900
1901: Japan::~odueation augurs gross of  in t ho next genera
1901: Japan::~year was 109 ture o:i public education in  is between 8 and 9 per cent, of the whole national expenditure.
1901: Japan:Japan:~acoaicos. At both termini great years time, harbors will be constructed. The It is characteristic of  s new-, town of Salina Crux will be remov- born enterprise that immediately her, ed to make room for a harbor cap- merchants heard of the scheme they able of affording anchorage for the arranged to put on a lino of steam-largest vessels. The whole under- ers from  to Salma Crux., taking is being carried out by | Messrs. Pearsons concession Includes
1901: Germany:Japan:~under one guise or another, acquire territory also, what ground have we for believing that  and  will not follow the cedents thus established?
1901: Russia:Japan:~Austria also shows a remarkably steady rise, and stands above  and , which make use of the canal for the transit of war vessels for the East.
1901: » .,,™„	™~	| a$a3SFs	, Japan Tea ‘ " now only 17c.
1901: Japan::~Resembles  in flavor, but is never Impure—~while infinitely superior in quality. It Is making rapid strides In public favor because of the above facts. Drinkers of Japan teas should give it a trial.
1902: Japan::~In , most of the horses are shod with straw. Even thu clumsiest of cart horses wear straw shoes. In their cases the shoes are tied
1902: Japan::~two boys and a flaxen curly-lmired ; fronl of the cart, and in  it little girl. I huso tots were left behind when tho Prince and Princess
1902: to this day. Most of Goldsmith's der £~5 should not be recoverable in In the making of bulls Ireland has After that the cats were looked af- FATHER OF MODERN JAPAN.
1902: Japan::~upon tho world ; the flowers were Philip ; "but she does not resemble addition after the first or second all sleeping, and the birds had gone you at all. Her nurse was a supe- year. The main food of the -to rest.	rior woman, and appears to have ^ mother consists of rice. fish.
1902: Japan:England:~to his cousin. "There is not a fair- Lord Lisle. "I will do to her as her the ese know nothing about cr, prouder home in . Lord good and generous mother did to my gutter, cream, cheese, etc., but they Lisle awaits you there impatient- child. She shall he Margaret s sis- mako ftn excellent substitute from a ly.”	ter still—in more than name.	bean, rich not only in oil, but also
1902: Japan:Japan:~per classes In . Mountainers are, however, exempt from tuberculosis. Yet ese arc a small people, smallness with them being a race characteristic.
1902: Japan:England:~recall that, although  posting which 
1902: Japan::~loan which is almost equally neccs-if  is to confront cheer-
1902: Japan::~and subsidies entai allies during the wars against French Republic and Empire. Before London bankers make a loan to , they are likely to prove inquisitive touching her fiscal than Paris bunkers themselves with regard
1902: Germany:Japan:~subscription, not but in  and Uol-As for the solvency of .
1902: Japan::~cannot be largely increased. 11 undercrUst. would seem to follow that, while Thc pi0 that comes to tho modern  may be regarded as able to dinner table is a different afiair from
1902: Japan::~the pinch comes, if not now,  with whipped cream. Give it the
1902: Russia::~eliwung to Shauhaikwan as soon a% the British shall have placed the Chinese authorities in control of the railway from Shauhaikwan to Tientsin and Pekin. In the fourth place, while  maintains tlie right to maintain order on the branch of the Siberian railway which traverse* Manchuria, all of the exclusive industrial mining and banking privileges in that region, which for a long time, she demanded, are now withheld from her. hi a word, if the treaty had been shaped by re- my presentotives of the United State»~, Great Britain and Japan, it could scarcely have l>een improved from their point of view.
1902: Russia::~The fact just mentioned Indicates the sources of the pressure to which  has submitted. The British-Japnnesc Treaty was a warning that the Mikado would not be left to cOY»~e unaided with the Czar and his French ally. Even after that was made known, however, the respon-sixe joint note issued by France and Russia signified that the two last-named powers had by no means made up their minds that they Would not try conclusions with the British-Japanese combination
1902: Japan:Russia:~Great Britain and . It would that in this matter  and lune suffered a serious dipto-
1902: Japan::~troops massed, and  is a’eo ready, j ln the course of the interview the editor Regular meeting uf the Municipal	Both the Russians and Japanese
1902: Japan:Russia:~ Laying tor .
1902: are of white cardboard, and are im- produced, opened. The receiver sa id: 600,000, ro that the many insurance I er» in the intervals of his work gold and the other silver. presMjd with the letters or figures of •• Jt is black. It is round. Trans- companies amongst whom the risks ; he thought out the details of tho | The oldest Royal dynasty in the conspicuous size, printed in black. parent.”~ The glass was then held were divided were very hard hit by j Crowell folder, the contrivance world Is that of Japan, which goes The stercopticun projects a circle to the. light and the receiver said : his assassination. The German Em- ! which has made possible the present back unbroken for 2.600 years, of intense white light which exactly "it is bright.”	peror’s insurance runs into six fig-1 enormous editions of many-paperi The average reign of English mon-
1902: Japan:Japan:~The ese government will erect a separate building for the exclusive use of Canadian exhibitors at the forthcoming industrial exhibition at Osaka, . .
1902: don Globe. We refer to the Cautery | Fbw ltoyal children live In greatn Falls electrical power transmission splendor than the heir-preauuipt «'«~' works. The Can very Falls are one to the throne of Japan, a boy eight of the sights of southern India, and months old. fie has »o fewer than this month there will be opened twelve nurses and atieiuUiut». and works which have taken not quite will he supplied with an English and two years to construct whereby 4,- French governess as soon as he is 500 horse power is transmitted over able to talk. mSm more than ninety mile» to the very MisH uheong
1902: Japan::~Smoking is universal in Polynesia, China, , and Siam. In Burma the mother takes the cheroot from her mouth and puts it to the . lips of her nursing babe, while the child purses its tiny lips and puffs away with every indication of pleasure. Kaffirs habitually smoke cigars with tho lighted ends in their mouths and their tongues adroitly tucked out of harm's way. Even Stanley’s Pigmies of Central Africa are inveterate smokers. The sun never sets on the smoking world, for before the white man of the Occident puts down his pipe at night the yellow man of the Orient has lit his matutinal cheroot.
1902: lay and poor food. It is therefore a UF»~ ChB60 S 01011116111 I that in it Japan passed at ont
1902: JAPAN::~BIBLE PUBLICATION IN .
1902: Japan:Japan:~Thirty years ago the Scriptures were printed secretly in , and copies were sent out only after dark. Those who printed them did so at the risk of their lives. Now there is a publishing company in Yoko-which prints the Bible not ese, but in Chinese, and Corean. Last year were circulated in
1902: Japan::~only in Tibetan, 188,000 copies  eJon*.
1902: JAPAN::~FAITH CUBE IN .
1902: Japan::~oil and wiped dry. In the war with insect life kerosene is a sure weapon FaitfT cure as a remedy for the ills 0f defence. If the kitchen table is of the flesh is by no means confined seized upon by roaches, and used as and Christendom. In  one of n nest for the eggs, do not burn it The thc numerous sects of the Buddhists Up after ineffective scrubbing and has as its distinguishing article of scaldings. Put it in the yard and faith that nil human ills may be soak it with kerosene. Not an egg cured by prayer. This sect and its wjll live. In like manner treat any belief were the	topic of discussion	insect	infected	furniture.	An	odd
1902: Japan::~ciety of  at Tokio, and what to put cucumber peel around those was said on that occasion is printed places where they appear. The in thc last Transactions of the so- writer has yet to hear of the ant ciety.	that would not lleo the spot. As a
1902: Japan::~rope, via tho KusHinn-Siberian land lines, ami forwarding them t<> . China, Australia. Now Zealand, the Straits Settlements, Hong Kong, the Philippines* and receiving
1903: Japan:Japan:~India, China and  -Chartered Bank of India, Australia and .
1903: JAPAN::~We are now offering a full line of  and BLACK and guarantee
1903: India, China and fajan—~Charter d Bank of India, Australia and Japan.
1903: Japan::~A German service review recently took a sort of postcard census the admirals ami leading engineers of every naval power in the world, including , By a largely preponderant vo*,e it was agreed that for general all-round excellence the Italian battleship Vittorio Emanuels is the finest in thc world.
1903: Japan::~Australia and .
1903: Japan::India. China and —~Chartered Bunk of India, Australia and Japan.
1903: Japan::India. China and —~Cluuterod Bank of India, Australia and Japan.
1903: Japan::India. China and —~Chartered Bank of India, Australia and Japan.
1903: Japan::~Promt or of , youth he wandered about the streets
1903: Japan:Japan:~English is the language of the ese Foreign Office, both in its intercourse with foreign diplomatists and its telegraphic intercourse with its own representatives abroad. All telegrams from Tokio to the foreign agents of  are written and ciphered in English, and the replies arc in the same language.
1903: Japan::In 1U. China and —~Chartered Bank of India, Australia and Japan.
1903: Japan::India, China and —~Chartered Bank of India, Australia an i Japan.
1903: Japan::India. China and —~Chartered Hank of India, Australia and Japan.
1903: Japan::~In China and , however, the g**t the genuine, with tho full name, <|n.gon rooms to have been a most
1904: Japan:Japan:~of the present peihape may have been a	Alice Presbyterian Church;	 is	inevitable. This opinion is	peefc of war between  and Rueeia.
1904: vertisement will reach the eyes of mere Alice, Misi N. Rita MacIntyre, the â~le8	aiid Japan, but the vital There is, of course, a great deal of
1904: icadvr»~ than the pretentious display of very deservedly popular Teacher had the principles as to whether Japan possesses *bcit to come out of the farmers' hands the larger store. It tells the people you School room beautifully decorated with right to a voice in the settlement of in Ontario, but in Manitoba a great have goods to sell and what you sell evergreens and* Hags. The room questions concerned with she Russian oc- d*al of the crop available for export them for. That is all the big store can crowded and both parents and visitors cupati,m of Manchuria. Russia has ail has already been marketed, say.	listened with delight to the recital of -
1904: Japan::~One of the murderers of the Queen of Got va, who fled the country and has been living in , has fallen
1904: been lowered several feet. On top of 11, t*1,lr n,iss,<m The matter Waterloo and lace are tho two the mound, upon a granite pedestal,	,^on keP: ‘~p'icL been une Japan I A novel and very peculiar action
1904: Japan:Japan:~got safely out of tic country tolnent among them was a man mun-Wnterloo has always had a peculi- : c.i li-Pom-sun, who fled to . r fascination for old soldiers, and Most Corea is .'T since the days of Major Cotton ese
1904: llK,l|i"/r hut for driving trams otlmr purposes, underline almost and “~v,/r-v I lioroujflifa.ro in big towns, Pom- , I! Prob.l{,,n of rlertrol.vsls is rapid ill ill of Ins class now is an old slln was a refugev in Japan there was .11 °‘m,'K '111 sorloii*. Tho oop lu( i lni'riid meinlier of a Highland ,oml demands that ho be rent homo i,L E, Y'f ","’n tbc neighbor
1904: e wears an imposing (or I™~ni>hmont; but Japan refused , a!7,1,! V ... 'T*1111 -Y resemble
1904: Japan::~One generous pint of liquid, or one !nf.1 4 l'arI;> Wrre tmI>' as corn for- of material aid in these reminiscences were Corea ns. Thev were travelling t,lick l'i,,v w,b ,lC destroyed by a bread, (pint of finely chopped meat, packed tubU\ to 1 hi' b<^ 418 1,1,1 hca ities of of 1815.	through  studying the country	CXad,.v	1,10 Haiu* Dowel
1904: JAPAN:RUSSIA:~WHERE  ANl>  ARE FKillTlNO FOR SUPREMACY
1904: Russia:Japan:~Arrangements have been made by which ill j Gazette will receive daily t!io imp riant opecial reports of tha London Times rela'iug to ihe war bit ween  and . The service will come through the ortice of the New York Time*, one i f iho most reliable of American newspapers, and which has a working arrangement with its great London namesake f- r the simultaneous publication of in leading European speeches. These dispatches, ao fur as they concern iho war, will be put before the Gazute readers, the same morning as they appear in London. By this means Montrealers wi l have the advantage of t ho most comp ete ni.dreliab’e newspaper service in the word, in chronicling the events of a struggle of intense interest to the whole world. The service will be in addition and supplementary to that of the Associated Priss and the existing special servicia of the paper. It will put the Gazette, so far as Canadian newspapers are concerned, in the leading rank.
1904: “~War having coin Russia and Japan, 1, irn by the urvat Hu-.im (» »vcrument, the high official in charge of the Fir East, have determined uiru ex ie^i.1 nina Laurttra | which ail uiuit tren.Liingly obey : —
1904: Japan:Russia:~Since tho talk of hostilities tween  nml  there made H a nds, so been some discussion au to the maimk r of the jag t o tho art relation between our time I u.,.< performed under favorable the time in Tokio and the other vit
1904: Japan:Russia:~The little men of  who have da rod to face tho n l>enr con give tho world many thrilling stories of courage, and many of clever stratagem as well. One of tho powerful nobles of tho olden time was forced ! to (loo from his enemy in haste. Ho hid in a barrel and was borne away by servants, who, meeting tho enemy,
1904: JAPAN::~QEEE. THINGS IN .
1904: Japan::~? I town was so destructive that tho -	provinces	each thare is a	death rate of	regimonta are t	» be stationed at	rjllk this morning on rather poor ice. I	The 0 >yette trial i# tho	fourth	of	It*
1904: Japan:Japan:~believe that the ese would go	wrestlers for each transparency, and	jng passed	through only one slight	stretches froift	Moscow	to	Port	Ar-	India, lie once detected u criminal ;class. In  the	fightiug npirit is
1904: Japan::~navy. under Admiral i ogo, to e c- ^ street between two little - one end of the -ar to the other.	towers again.	down his cards, ami lied.	| for the training of men until this age.
1904: Port Arthur mid a great K •~	Japanese sailor with a coolie s bar now suspended. The blue first-class ^NTI ALCOHOLISM IE FRANCE, until midnight he invariably leaves the British, Japanese cud Italian
1904: Japan::~wfiich is the national flag of ,	from Lucknow to the coast	the sv.d-	gootl. jn thv morning he gets tea	departments nre taking a deep inter-	lodge has. however, never waned, and	fic squadron
1904: Japan:Russia:~elders. The crowd rushing through 5111	'	_____^_____It is one of the few pretty cities in hours; xvhi'c in England south and | Viscount Hayaslii, the ese Min- n sailors
1904: Japan::~wns formed at the park and began to	eyes, because tho mixture of oxy-	themselves	and	, which	for | (jja	jf u IXi8n	wants	money he puts
1904: RUSSIA::~SYSTEMS OF  AND OF «~umber of light hand carta JAPAN COMPARED.
1904: Russia:Japan:~J ho war in the Vmtt is affording a test of the transport and commissari-a|at Systems of  and .
1904: JAPAN::~DIVORCE IN .
1904: Japan::~According to this report there in  in the year 1889 297,428
1904: Japan::~In  the Young Men's Christian Association hag 57 branches. 2,500
1904: Tvkio, Ap. 29—~Seventy-three Japan- nJlV?™3!,* w,.hsw ? ,|i(nrto
1904: 'period»—~when girlhood In merging Japan 1» a living proof of what |".tho of Mia, Johnnn Mayor, ol I Ants with long and powerful man-1	get you good prices.
1904: Japan::~tnat stiniu o es	all	tho organs of J was a bad lookout for  to bo	staK08 and hod to give up a profit-	of them, and upon the arrival of a
1904: Japan::~cipal towns of , under super-;<).) graduation they are appointed ns-j phi a vision of the Superintendent of the	sistant naval constructors and are
1904: Japan::~1 h- . nps do not cull their country Wjpt the senior officers of different , but Nippon, and that name has boon in use for thirteen or four-
1904: Japan:Japan:~years; lieutenants, live years; corn-lands off Europe, and have determ in- zanders, two years; captains (junior ed on founding an empire like the British Empire, they have called their country Dai Nippon (Greet ), as we say Great Britain.  means "The Land of the Rising Sun."
1904: Japan::~of successful business, experts tell us, is organization.  has adopted that as the essence of successful war.
1904: England:Japan:~Those ie  who are doubt- who searched for mo with nets? I j years ago that identity of the man less expressing their amazement that do not know. I do not care. I am who named it has been lost. Time the ese nnuy is not moving iron, chlorate of potash, glass, pla- ”nR not changed the significance of quicker and in greater numbers would tinum, steel, sugar, gun cotton, sul- thnt onmo, nnd the harvest of death cease to wonder and would nndcr- ;phuric acid, and fulminate of mer- n,td destruction of property still go stand more if they knew the land. cury. No flame leaps up on the al- on-	square-riggers, schooners,
1904: Russia::the water edge, and under the sur- ^ W9r ^nting of the n army and women whose occupations led face hidden rocks and reefs, in many Qfr°~r cal1 ing out all tho reserves them to undue use of tho right arm, places, extend out for miles. On these amounts to f>,250,00o men, or more and in consequence to excessive fric-tho staunchest ships ever built are than ten times that of Japan. The Won of the upper edge of the corset, quickly ground to pieces and the un- loldicrs are drawn from the ignor- The friction of the corset at this fortunate crew, Making in the fog or ant peasant class and the officers 8Pot ** therefore the cause of a darkness to effect a landing on the from the governing ranks of society, cancerous process developing in this adjacent shores, meets with a aim!- Should Russia call out nil her troops situation and to express this fact I lar fate. Occasionally a wreck she will have 7$,827 officer*. 5,180.- have given it the name of corset-dodgoe the rocks which guard the en- 958 soldiers, 613,400 horses, and 4.- cancer." care | used clay pipes, and wero helped by | trance is most of these hattoore or 000 cannon. Germany is the
1904: Japan:France:~. Every transport ship is A smoking match recently amused wanted for the troops. There is the public at Lille, . Fifty scarcely anything to be had from of the hardest smokers of the dis-tliis country itself. The people are trict sat down together to consume so poor that they have not got it two ounces of the strongest tobacco to sell to us."	in the shortest possible time. They
1904: omsti, and gentleman or the beaclnm 1er to tho T ar. He is evidently a magnificent b ow-hard and an a puffer ie by no meins f > be dtspieed. The article is entitled “~Russia w.l! crush Japan,”
1904: ‘~ the fruits of Russia 8 victory over Japan.
1904: Japan::~On the contrary he purposes as soon m  is crushed to proceed with “the for and most imprudent utterai.ee, the I |ol g contemplated expedition to lnda”
1904: ledge rg «~x }	! whe, nt cons dwralls tcrjonal ye.il made Tokio, Japan, Ju y 4.—Il is reputed , ^ Southern Rai road of violation cf the : Tem>kaniing district, gome time ajo
1904: Japan::~On binding in  you purchase plastering mud and penetrating foula guide-book. In it	you moot Eng-	ness,	lias almost totally vanished
1904: Russia:Russia:~"However, obedience is not all (lint is required, when pitted against such intelligence as is possessed by the Japanese. In regard to tho obedience of the Russian soldier, one of England's foremost Generals was once invited to watch the army manoeuvres near St. Petersburg. On his return from the infection, a n of rank asked his opinion of w hat ho had seen. His reply was that 'Were he Kinjicror of  and lost a battle, ho would luing all the commanding officers on the nearest trees/
1904: 1 îg hors»*s—~seeming large indeed comparison with One small Japan ponies—some gun limbers and iimmu- soldier nit ion wagons, and other trophies of before the hospital the battle of the Yalu, were dragged bar
1904: Russia:Japan:~that perfect health and mental vigor may be obtained on ft mea? less diet. A series of experiments has just been carried out at tho University of California, which demonstrated that nuts and fruits aro all that are necessary to maintain health under all circumstances, and it may not be amiss to state that the Japanese are making a phenomenal campaign against the ns on a meatless diet. No meat is used in  by tho nmss-We can supply you with good nrti- os. And in Central America the nodes like next at moderate rate.1 lives will cut mahogany logs about Silver Watches, ( haines, j as hard as iron—in tho intense heat
1904: JAPAN::~of your Un* le Tom! Ver'aps you'll 'Mended to mine, the men cut down	jg .	heroes. Shinto moans the way of dust before him.
1904: Russia:Japan:~Ho	flourished	a	piece of pasteboard 8W^ muddy	water wash the rocks	abound as	in  and	,	marble, and	arc noted for their lurk	you	doubt it, try the experiment of
1904: Japan::~Undoubtedly it	was	my	own business	ond*	.'^oy found the	dirt' was not j	gion; in	 it	is now Buddhism,	places. In the sanctuary	there is	with your legs	tucked under you
1904: Japan::~had not been so bad, after all.	nearly a quarter of a mile	above Whenever	they managed to	settle	 are:—Shamanism, Mythical,	"There	will be	no	war."
1904: Japan::~My	mental condition	was	now	bo could get water to	rock with,	ticed	about the sixteenth century.	In most	of the religions of 	trict. Here Vi was in his	element
1904: Russia:Japan:~, ,u>w	loW	8	1 lel thov	W|th j nn j j sprang	up tho stairs three at	through tho holes in the sheet iron	in  and , is not written,!
1904: Japan::~tion follows; coughing, fitting, 'he Itusslan and #» ,- ans cl.nunv night sweats, a total break- ottraded so much attunUon that a down and death.	What the nnaomlc few days ago the writer vis,ted the
1904: Japan::~their family vocations is announcement in a .-that a celebrated
1904: Japan::~them the following sauce, and serve por Root on carpets, where it has war with ; 1 longed to am ui once ; For sauce, put one ounce been dropped from tho stovepijx) or Jaimnesc exterminated, and I desired fonn
1904: tho privation» and misery tmdured by Instance tin *	|We UKo anything out of tho knap- To many of the wounded it is pro- , ?°~,m ot Japan* while tho other, a * ',‘UM * ea^zK^ncy, this giim perv
1904: hair-cutting and shaving machine, hospital a Chinese farmhouse, bor- drops’~, which are a solution of 1 in Russia can be defeated, witli a bootblacking	outfit	also, are	rowed by tho Japanese for that pur-	100 cocaine. From taking this	,
1904: Japan::~CLYF/ON NATUHAI, (iKKICN tea by its absolute flavor is displacing  tea just as
1905: tenu r of the trial in the least, and cm- ^ American rontinetv, and that the trail of Ariz na, says :—A? least twe ve ranchers " Rtns, June X—'1 he St. Petersburg versed quite ftedy witi* .Iesars. »;ern- f,3Jtune U-itd» northward Tr.e f irms, and several women and children hav ? c irrespi indent of the Ma in says it is shields and Comiau aftet her c mimitta . the barn»~, the stocks and fields, as seen i met death at the hands of a band of 1<K) I * elieved there that Japan will agree to
1905: similnv dimvni# ,,e< •VOUl °ut of a of the announcement never reached b,,t no,hifig more that was clear, i Pr^ty, yet a simple, side dish, good nl "«~II he borrowed from Japan ! onc stn,H,s somo distance away is I sve m, ,v y °? s,nillar terms. | him; that sea of faces swung about Jfis brain rocked stupidly; there was u,,d vnslly made.	It was also intended to obtain the' KUth thal li 18 hnnl to believe that
1905: England::~ly in  in medieval times nnd'RU,„i j„ the Khort Ansaba. which,1 «~f Japan, have exacte. 1 that in
1905: Japan:Russia:~of Commons than is Mr. Scott in the . will be made but the sentiment in  i .\ lVmale Teacher (Protestant) holding Senate. He can get the Government out | R,'d  is tor peace, and m the I a (test or second class elementary diploma of thv fixes its other members are always interest of humanity and pr.-piiety theie > for tin* Protestant school at VamphelF
1905: Japan::~doubtful course is at least legally right.	The war is dating  one	(himpMU Hay. Qui
1905: riiei - run,’>• n *h dy whose name mil ion dollars a day, and thereI»i f—ling has been mend, tied in connection with 1 thal there ought to be an indemnity." his j.ortf lio who c u! 1 begin to t xircise Vkvd as to the probability « f an the influence lie d »*s in the II use , I *irmistiv.\ Mr. S.ito sa d that probability Ci mmons. His retirement i.> nut what w"i:d bv among trie first ijuestions the any me desiring tin continuance , f tin* pi n potent nines would consider. Rased Laurier Government »!i u'd h> k on with1 0,1 i'rvvi 114 tr‘~ ,lty negotiations, Japan anything but i,uedio!img. Thv must wid make the demands for Russia’s con-
1905: Japan::~r of .
1905: Japan::~further said that  m oui 1 ueg >tiatione in th as neither 1
1905: Japan::~1 he terms are : No indemnity to  ,K*t or its purpose whit h can justify the in any shape 11 t«nn ; d.v.sion of ( denial Ottiee in taking any action, s ihhilien ; no compensation payable to beyond, perhaps remonstratii g against
1905: Japan::~other purple ; , as before propoeul I justified in Quebec by the money it will withdraws her demand for the limitation
1905: Japan:Russia:~Laron Koniuia has to.egraphed to the Qjebcc dealers to meet, whether they Emperor of , and M. N\ itte to the I come front the province itself or some Emperor of , each proposing an I where else. Its imposition was not a i immediate armistice. The terms of peace I happy ides, even for a treasurer who arc as given to me by both Witte and I hardly knows where to turn for tho next
1905: Japan::~Sharks arc among the comm >nest f III!!' food fishes of . They are sou	'
1905: Japan::~and u few are even from . u half pvf day, which includes the	I eahody s experieme was x* ry
1905: Japan::~Hi oner of tho Mounted Police. Tho Streets of London Without amo with ., a deaf ear being former expressed a liking for tho cool	Being Recognized.	turned to uny suggestions (,f a yel-
1906: Japan::~"The maunfacturc of beer Is still m tho Government or such deposits Is voting Industry In , but from the g2;n.60 per tune the process was Imported it has	¦
1906: England::~CO MCI I able foe of , but by •~ if renounced friend of England, u Japan' ose, Count K. Hirosawa.
1906: In the tsltenlng process, when ent- qulrles being the candid one that Great 'E" <hr* or fo,lr miles distant and ma s are so ripened that they cease to Britain Intends to maintain secrecy ns ! w,l! .p,°"r JS 8 8UC?wion *helt«~, wrU make good gains, further feeding can to what her experU learned as a result I ^.'1? pounds, carrying wholesale only be done at a loss.	0I japan's experiences for one year and,1 dl‘s ru< bon ln beir vVa^e
1906: Japan::~All  teas are adulterated, while
1906: Japan::~The Mikado Is very fond of outdoor sport, arid warmly encouraged the introduction of football into . He *s od hunter and fisherman, and an excellent shot with the rille tion to lawn tennis is marked, and he is clever as a wielder of the racket.
1906: England::~Fir William fcoulsby. who has ser.el a* secretary So so many Lon I Mayors of London. Is entitled to wear a more cos mopolltun array of orders than, perhaps, any man in . In addition to m -British honors, lie boasts the ord.-rs of the Redeem* r of Greece, Francis J«~*ei of Austria, the Servian orders of iako\ and St. Sava, the Leopold of Ik-lgh the Immaculate Conception of Portugal the Humane Redemption of Liberia. * well a* the Rising Sun of Japan.
1906: Japan::~Choice  Tea, 18c per lb.
1906: Japan::~The dowaie- empress of China has * u -sc.ibed $500,000 to the famine fund of .
1906: Japan::~The Tsarinn do. the Soul of ,” yet it Is the fotin- tioncil, as the	M 1 * h	'' ; “But,” said the sergeant, “these you rmni,e M0«l simplv press ronvergenlly
1906: 'X X&Jiïiïiïiï?™~     om	lOR to the finest japan tea grown.
1906: Russia:Japan:~Churchill, are quoted. Authors, artists, actors, Inventors, soldiers, statesmen of under 40 are pointed out as brilliant examples of the great truth that the world to-day Is run by young men. You are told that so great is the rush and pressure of modern life that a man who has entered the arena in early youlh must be old at 50. Whose brain is it who has humbled the might of  and won an empire for the Island kingdom of the east? The whole scheme of this amazing war was hatched In the brain of Marshall Oyama, and It would be rash to say that there is a man alive under 60 who could, carry In his head the threads of so many and so complicated schemes as does this white-haiied, silent ese.
1906: Japan::~Sakhalin and other islands north of  are largely occupied by Ainus, a people that sitm to be related to the Eskimos of this continent. 1 hey have of ho If-domesticated dogs, upon
1906: Japan:: said, “~You shall gof Russia mons for a separation order at Wilt es-Those who argue that a woman should .siml.il. I he Bantam wasn t going *u dpn recê~ntjyi told the magistrate that smoke to sootne her domestic worries bluff the Bear, the next thing Russia hcr husband usually allowed her about might as well say that n girl should take knew her ships at Masai up ho	^ every eight weeks for housekeeping
1906: Japan:Germany:~loaned enormous sums to Russia, practically supplying the money needed in the struggle against  ; they provided  with 1,000.(XJÛ.ÛüÛ marks in 1904-06 to carry on her tremendous industrial enterprise» ; they took a liberal amount of the last Japanese
1906: Japan::~turn tty In common use in the  fleet, which has for some time employed it even for long distances, in complete security agaiiud “tapping" or confuting external influence. The inis stated lo have effectually safeguarded his system against all dangers of this kind. 11## inventor is
1906: Japan::~In place of the adulterated teas of .
1906: The- little brown men—or should fhrv bi called the big brown m*n—~of Japan have over $IOO.nU).(KO in loons for en IcrprUcs in electric railroading and hglding, cotton spinning, cool mining, and other industries. There has bien a
1906: France:Japan:~cam,, d butter from  and Swodt-n mid of oleo margarine from the United Slates. The canned butter Is sold in  at M cents a pound. Milk Is so much of a luxury that It Is given only l«. invalids, fanned milk is imported
1906: Japan::~firm  hand hewn
1906: Japan::~CEYLON NATURAL GREEN TEA once and you will never return to the adulterated tea* of .
1906: In strong contrast with the uncevt.uo. ty about the population of i hina «~ Uia exactness of the figures given for lha population of Japan in Hie Japanes# Blue-book for 19115. which has hee# printed In English by the Japanese Government. The population of the ud.mdi constituting Japan proper Is 47 ,##%%%
1906: 059.23.*»~. Japan covnprimw ton land*. making the name "Inland Em
1906: Russia:Japan:~Dr. Dull demi with the proper fend for mankind in relation to disease, lie declared that disease was caused by the consumption of "(.hi< ago chicken, in  by a certain kind* of grain, nnd In  ond China by rice. There is in fact, no article of food, according to Dr. Dull, that ha* not pi odneed or is not producing disease.
1906: Victoria, B. C., September 27 -The ling schooner l ty of Sen Diego •~nired today from Behring See. bringing n*wi that upward of 20 Japan been killed during the season while raiding the Copper Islands. One of the Japs mesa echmncrs, according to news brought by the Sen Diego, had • quick firing gun mounted, under bfe of which t he rookeries were aided.
1906: Japan::~lose a day or two at Dulney, and again In , while the possibility of u steamer being delayed by accident or bad weather might throw nil hto calculations out of gear and cost him a full Week of delay nt some point. Dut if ho set out to girdle Uio world in fifty days lie would, according to the foregoing figures, Imvojlve days to spare for such delays. Summarized the schedule U as
1906: At Moscow he I«nards Ihe Trans-Siberian Express, but he would make n great mistake If he were lo go to Vladivostok, for on reaching there he would hove to make inquiries as to the next boat leaving for Jii|»~nn and he might have to wait several day* More one nailed, and then It would tie a small, alow freighter, that might land him in japan In four or five days. The wise traveller would lake hi* ticket for Dalny, changing at Smtngnri, the junction of the Tran* Silwrlan and Man Churiaa railways. Regular steamers ply be*ween Rainy and Shimonosekl, Jupon.
1906: Tukir, October 25. —~A hurricane swept Southwestern Japan yesterday. Several coral fishing boats are reported missing. Each b at is rnann d by st least two sailors.
1906: Japan::~A Perfect Luxury to  Tea Drinkers
1906: Japan::~"In " said a marriage broker, in a recent musical comedy, "you ca% get a good wife for a bunch of sh airings and a bird cage."
1906: Japan::~run.	dication that they were helping me china and  are pre-eminently
1906: Japan::~They often go to  for information.
1906: JAPAN::~TO THE FINEST  TEA GROWN.
1907: Japan::~In quite recent times xve have had the  flood of 1890, xvhlch killed 27,0*) people; the Oregon cloudburst r! 1903, which drowned 300, us well ff more recent disasters.
1907: Japan::~ut dynasty in  ti 600 B C
1907: JAPAN::~A TEA-PARTY IN .
1907: Japan:usa:~On# of the oddest farms in the world N to be seen m  a farm fi r which a crop of tens of thonds of snapping turtles Is shipped every year.
1907: Japan:Germany:~Germany's policy, in a word, is directed towards the control of the passim ger and elegraph business between Europe and I he east, not with India alone, but with he Suites Archipelago, China and . 's pioneers, according to l he Madgeburg Zeitung, an»~ looking forward to the not very distant date when British influence and prestige in thus# latitudes will be obliged to give way before the march of conquering Germany.
1907: Japan::~Waterproof Canvas Trunks, Hat top, full sized box, ir n bound,  steel trimmings and knees, iron butt *ni, brass Monitor look, deep act-up tray with covered hat box, regular price $4 25. Now on sale at
1907: Waterproof Canvas Trunks, loge l*»~x, steel Japan clamps and knees, long strap hinges, excelsior Mck#, extia heavy Ixilts, two trays, regular price $(» 25. Now on sale at
1907: “What 1 mean Is, that il was such a peace with hor life. Ever since that last pity you said Rome, declared she, with abominable display of hs temper in the feeling. “Anything in marble is so ex- fiprary, Vereker, as I have said, had pensive, and she has an undying belief been especially careful to keep out of that only marble things come from his wife’~s way, and for the past two or Now. if you had said Japan, or | t|)nv? days had been positively civil. Cups and saucers go for a song q his change puzzled her perhaps, but ¦You have regularly 'et p ajw ,es!ed her. and gave her tired yourself in for the statuettes, and you heart a season of repose, long unknown donl vx ant thrm:	the Hall Is full &1
1907: Japan::~y which w would n  tli.it
1907: JAPAN::~IS THERE A BLACK PERIL  TEA DRINKERS
1907: Japan:Japan:~been subjugated once for aii. umi that | Sp.mo flavor as , only perfectly free from adulterations of any kind. It is to the  tea drinker what "8ALADA" Black is to the black tea drinker.
1907: JAPAN::~IS THERE A BLACK PERIL  TEA DRINKERS
1907: Japan::~of the trea*y with , on the ground	terme, or improving	th» school buildings	“As early	as	1800	be	served a term	I vmla, bees
1907: Japan::~*b&*  has broken faith with end furnrshirga	I for stage robbery In flan Quentin, v
1907: Japan:Spain:~Country girts In Spain seldom wmf j lumber trade is overdone. When Russia hats or bonnets of any kind. It Wis | was at war with  the shipped In , by the way, that the custom lumbar, but since then she has been )f a bride wearing orange blossoms In | making up for loss time. This is one
1907: ‘‘~One should not su y that the Japan-	nrern fqq ntniFS	Capt. Wilson received a gold me<lnl.
1907: JAPAN::~IS THERE A BLACK PERIL  TEA DRINKERS
1907: Japan::~been subjugated once for an. and that Sr.me flavor as , only perfectly free from aciul-
1907: Japan::~henceforth we will peacefully colonize ! teratIons of any kind. It is to the  tea drinker
1908: Japan:Japan:~Mr. Lemieux has started homeward from , leaving the ese ini* migiation question aa it was when he led
1908: ‘~ w,,, nrovid.xl t.v the government, only for expenditure on luxuries in I ne men were employed in printing llri-whidi nre .,rlh-idox and not Catholic, canteen, hut also for buying Govern- tains original secret freely with Japan.
1908: Japan::~In , where seismic disturbances ai-. quite common, there are many ingeniously - const me ted e<»rthquatce-pr * buildings. They take the shape of . ImiUmx towers with foundations on huge sh shock ttic 1 shot wittiout sustaining and <
1908: Japan::~In  kissing never occurs except between husband and wife. Mothezs Bevrr kiss :half children.
1908: Japan::~A #*# oftiowr, now in New York, i* asking why the Yanks# refsee imm •~ grant# from Japan when tk#y allow lb# scum of 8pam and Italy.
1908: Japan:Japan:~f. We ll work to- *Tf from 85 to 30 calves. Anouml the to published In . All the -	m tfa* n»rk# was cont»n»ie«l In
1909: Japan::~W. T. R. Preston reports to the Department of Trade and Commerce that the chief need of this country to develop trade with  is A more active boosting of Canadian products. This, ho says, must be done by direct representation of b g firms. Correspondence is compaia* tively little use.
1909: Japan::~In  5.000,000 people depend
1909: Japan::~Osaka, the wealthy ancient city, centre of 's commerce, whose foreign import and export trade represents no less than tbiOO.OOu u # year and its inland and coasting trade an immense amount, lost tremendously as a result of the fire which cables say destroyed four square miles of the city. Of the 13,000 buildings reported destroyed many will bo doubtless mud and bamboo, a few mats and shojis probably worth scarce a couple of hundred dollars ; but Osaka also contains a great number of modern buildings of Western style, as well as castles, temples, bridges and historic structures, storehouses containing valuable merchandise and godowns with treasures of art, and the loss will run into the millions.
1909: Japan:Japan:~The city lies on the banks of the Vodogawa, the river draining Lake Biwa, and is more than 2,600 years old, one of tho most ancient of 's ancient cities. Its great castle, one of the most striking of the city's structures, built by Hideye-shi as his seat of government in 1683, is the strongest of all 's castles and was the scene of many stirring events, not the least of which was the memorable siege by the Shogun Iyeyasu at the close of the great Osaka campaign of 1616. the city is built on either bank of the wide river and on Naka-no-shi-ma, the island in the centre of the stream.
1909: Holland:Japan:~Canals cut and crosscut the city until the visitor is reminded more ot  than  great bridges cross the river, the Temina-bashi, Tenjin-baehi and yeara ago
1909: Japan::~and Sakai an outport of the I were famous in , particularly
1909: giiping castor-oil or pugatives, nor la calculating the size of a nn-they give them poisonous opiates tional army, it is hardly possible to It is an Officer of the Law of i;, the form of soothing medicines, j get beyond approximate figures; Health.—When called in to attend Baby’s Own Tablets take the place hence a calculation of the strong a disturbance it searches out the cf these harsh and dangerous drugs,1 <.f the Japanese army just pr<'due-hiding place of pain, and like a and the mother has the guarantee Jod must he received on that basis, guardian of the peace, lays hands 0f a government analyst that the but without any suspicion that it it and says, "I arrest you.”~ Tablets are absolutely safe, and j wanders far from the truth. indeed, the authority responsible for the statistics vouches that the actual numbers are in excess of those sa vs : given. Taking the figures as they are presented, it would appear the number of men actually under arms in other words, serving with the colors, in Japan, is
1909: Italy:Russia:~to have been pursued most diligently in Japan and in . The discovery which led to the establishment of observatories, furnished with delicate instruments for recording distant earthquakes, was due to an accident. In 1877 a n	astronomer noticed,	while
1910: , ...	„~	bight in Japan.	that of a farm hand who rented a diers wouldn’t arouse a great deal astonished visitor.	iSma]] hours Happening to wake
1910: Japan::~A tree,	again,	is	avast	unyield	>d. the industrial' future of  WHAT MACHINERY HAS DONE. ARMOR (I. AD BIRD’S NEST.	tails will be abeolntely correct, ew»	attire. One ^f the guest, who «W
1910: ’it al ouDiv on the Imperial a minority of farmer s' sons have i : “~I was Steel XXurks at XNakamalsit, Japan, .yet understood, namely, that there surprised at the size of the top	unnecessarily heavy, i
1910: Japan::~movements, changes of h shine nt in  is the one at scientific farming there is plenty of was about the size of a robin and He came one afternoon upon a « lone the routes once dominated bv breathing, escape you. They are	Nagasaki, founded, ns already men	scope for the exercise of the high- vcr>’ tame* '	big black cat, occupied apparently	ti. Venetian reimhlie said in bo
1910: Canada:Japan:~The Japanese are becoming a new source of trouble to the people of British Columbia. Formerly the influx of the little brown men was regarded as a menace to the white labor class along thejcoast ; now they are likely to become rivals of the agriculturists and fruit growers of the Pacific province, by a widespread acquisition of farm lands out there. The fact is viewed with much alarm, and has been made the subject of a resolution in the B. C. Legislature, the result of which will be a call on the Federal Parliament to pass direct legislation prohibiting the purchase or holding of lands in  by ese or I Chinese
1910: Japan::~When  was opened to tiade, i I h manufactures were all
1910: JAPAN::~BEAU HI NT IN .
1910: Japan::~In  the following are made of paper:
1910: sagged and , (’~hina, Japan, (Greece and the West my horror, ! indies, and when this repu’sivc-1 saw the; looking creature is pounded into a
1911: Japan::~The woman of  does not have to bother or interest herself in what the corning fashions are in dress.
1911: Japan::~The cirls of  are brought up with different ideas of life from those held by girls in America. They are taught that their lives are to hold suffering and care; that whatever
1911: Japan::~Qo to  If You Rosily Want to See Model Children.
1911: JAPAN::~FRUIT IN .
1911: Japan::~Plan to Arm British Police With Tho uso Gf fruits in  was
1911: who habitually make London their Fruits which have been cultivâ~t- well-developed thumbs are signs of home have had their already con- from ancient days extensively mental and physical strength, siderablc forces so heavily re-in- enough to be grown in orchards or If there is a tndency toward par-forced during the last twelve vineyards, says the Japan Maga- alysis in a patient, the physician months or so that an organized z*ne» are oranges, pears, plums and notices it in the thumbs long be-There thev know, before the	rnunmed; the scats arc upholster-	outbreak has not	been	entirely un-	grapes, and great attention was	for©	thediaease	shows	itself	else-
1911: France::~duties on wheat in  or G or-	second sleeper. They are brilliant-	desirables”~ of Europe simply m Japan,	valued	lortneir	Beauty
1911: England:Japan:~ A beginning is being	to be the most generally favored.	and eatcn in , the latter he-
1911: Japan::~25 cent  Tea, 30 “~ Japan Tea, 30 “ Black Tea, 40 “ Black Tea,
1911: Germany:Japan:~The almanac predicts a very prosperous year for  and, speaking of , foresees trouble with foreign powers and the likelihood of
1911: Japan:Japan:~Good  Tea High class  Tea
1911: Japan::~and , where ho has travelled ; 8ary for transforming the Chinese	than a curio ty	l j	years ago Edwin S. Crosby and Eli	ample of Oriental manners, here is	0f the privileges of the English
1911: Japan::~lest they should hesitate to obey	Hut Jean gave no hoed to Ins	nn-	had refrained, vainly	hoping to see 1 province of the progressive -	at jarge	It becomes a sedate	M‘You are cold-hearted/	says I.
1911: Japan::~There is a record of a census in China as far back as the year 2012 B.C., and of one in  in tW last century before Christ, Under the constitution of Solon, the citizens of Athens were divided and re« geste red in four classes, according to the amount of their taxable
1911: Japan::~The  Herald adds
1911: counter “~What is that Japan- For over half a century DrMorses
1911: Japan:Japan:~Nvw it can bo understood that to the people of n nation where woman is kept in the secondary place, the position of woman in England seems monstrous. It impresses the ese visitor, often enough, as highly shocking and immoral. He may have tried to accustom self to our modes of thought. He has not yet become acclimatized to our ideas of love. And one of the greatest difficulties found in educating the girls of tho better classes in  to-day on Western linos is that tho European ideas of love will como ine and will he absorbed through European literature, and through the unconscious influences of European and American teachers.
1911: Japan::Apart from our odd ideas about love, the next thing that impresses the ese about us is extravagance. L__ ed to live on very little very poor country, taxation is high, food is dear, money is scanty. — _ exists—and apparently thrives—~ often enough on sums which a beggar would scorn in England. Fat, milk, and meat are to him mere
1911: Japan:England:~I once inquired of a ese staff officer who had visited , what surprised him most hero. He and 1 knew one another well, so that he was willing to talk more freely than is often the ease with his country men, says a writer in Everybody's Weekly.
1911: “~The thing that surprised and horrified mo most in England,' said he, “~was when 1 first saw a husband kiss his wife in public, at a railway station. In Japan emotion is a thing to he concealed, not to lie displayed. It is something too precious and too snored to trail in the view of all chance passers-When 1 saw a man in front of crowds of others salute his wife in this fashion I felt a sense of sickness.
1911: Japan:England:~Many of them, influenced by European teaching, are beginning to sympathise more and more with ethical codes. But the average unsophisticated ese who visits  for the first time, feels amused rather than overwhelmed by our odd ways. He regards us as morally in a very bad state, and our habits seem as whimsical to him as the customs of tho people at Nikho seem strange to the average round-the-world
1911: Japan:England:~A year ago a large number of ese came over to  for tho Exhibition as exhibitors, as craftsmen, or as tourists they returned home, enterprising journalists of their race sought to
1911: known as travelling maids, two of Qvepn»g bord maid is with the ex- ! measure of freedom than her sister whom, together with the head | ppntinn of the housekeeper the best in the East. Even in enlightened maid, always travel with the •~ j of the royal maid servants. Japan of to-day. women is still
1911: United States:Japan:~The day of good tea at a cheap price has passed by, more particularly of British-grown teas, their increasing popularity has created a greater demand than the supply. Russia and Australia are buying tremendously of these instead of Chinas, the consumption in Great Britain is larger than ever, the shutting out of over 15 million pounds of colored China green tea by the , the larger use of tea due to high coffee prices, the growth of rubber in Ceylon, the shortage in the  crop this year and the labor problem in teagrowing countries, all these factors account for the much higher primary markets, and the present revolution in China may mean smalloi Chinese crops next year. It eithes means lower quality at the s a new prices or the same quality at higher prices, and our experience show# the public prefer the latter. Tht future indications are for still higher prices. Even with the advance in price, tea will still be bj far the cheapest popular beverage.n
1912: Japan::~With Teas on the advancing market, no Ceylons to be had to sell at less than 30 cents, and it is almost impossible to get a decent 25 cent  CIAL TEA BARGAIN is a wonder chests left, and our February prices are :
1912: With Teas on the advancing market, no Ceylon»~ to be had to sell at less than 30 cents, and it is almost impossible to get a decent 25 cent Japan, OUR SPECIAL TEA BARGAIN is a wonder ! We have 4 chests left, and our February prices are :
1912: Germany:France:~Japan, as well as England,  and , has a remarkable tale to tell of heroism shown by «adora in submarine accidents, the Isle of Wight. One officer and Qn April 15, 1910, Lieutenant Tsu-eleven men were lost in that collision. Then came the A5 disaster-in
1912: Japan:England:~ese acaJs (han) are of wood,	- Orman spies in  arc not
1912: JAPAN::~SEALS IN .
1912: Japan::~China painting in  is conducted on the co-operative system. Each artist confines himself to one particular part of the work. One specialist sketchoa the figures, another the landscape, and a third the scrolls and arabesques. The cup, vase, dish, or whatever it may be, is then handed over to the colorists, who also subdivide their labor, one of them doing the scarlet, another the blue, and so on, until the master worker crown-s their efforts by adding the gilding either in broad lines and masses or in multitudes of tiny dote.
1912: Japan::~Tokio, in , has a population of nearly two millions, and afmost half a million houses.
1912: Two things you cannot afford to miss.— I the village of Bristol Corners at our big sale-Joly 30 to Aug. 3rd.—~one week. It was heading towards of our 40c. broom* for 30c ta. and 5 I be. of | the river, our 25 cent Japan Tea for a dollar bill.—
1912: Japan::~in .
1912: Japan::~ed shark of , would have an The hirthstone uf November is the itent conditions, have conclusively eel-like body, and a fin hack of the topaz, which guarantees to the No- proved that material, subjected to head. Dr. Gill believes that mem- vember born the love and friend this process, is permanently fire bers of the shark tribe are respon- ship of worthy persons, acting after nroofed. No amount of washing Bible for tho«e of the sea serpent the style of the garnet.	with hot soap and water will
1913: Japan::~The father of a sere a-year-old boyj at Kivosu, , punished Kim fvM disobedience by burying him fop twenty-four hours in a hole in the ground, leaving only his bead above the surface. It look Soar men ta dig him out.
1913: England::~The attempts now being made to establish cups made of paper at all public drinking-fountains in  is a reminder that such article» have long been u«~ed in some towns of the United States, says London Answers has been put to extraordinary pur poses ; for in Japan it is used for dinner-plates^^^gglggg^lgg
1913: Japan::~One man cut a lot of ice in his life. That warn Yamada Keisuke, tho Ice King, of , who died lately at the age of sixty-nine, leaving a fortune of 3,000,000 yen or $1,500,000, in a country w here a dollar goes further than it does here. Keisuke was a poor timber coolie, forty-seven years old. One hot summer day, carrying lumber down a mountain, and almost overcome by the intense heat, he drank from a running stream and saw something gleam in a cavern. It was natural ice left from the winter.
1913: Japan::~victorious monarchs have content-	better. In ,	for many	years gut Kiplinr. in hw later	years partir**
1913: Japan::~The telescope ttsh, a monstrous variety of carfc. Is a creation of the Chinese and ***»' fish breeders, ADVOCATES, BARRISTERS, AC* | who are past masters in the art of
1914: Japan::ese W »~. jeu In Canada.
1914: Canada:Canada:~The temigration of Japanese into Canada Is Increasing and the feature of the Increase is the number of Japanese women who are settling i In Canada. I.ast year 724 Japanese entered . They Included 262 males, 424 females and 48 t hildr< * During the first Ux months of tie present fiscal year 571 entered , Including 236 males, 269 females and 47 children.
1914: Japan::~5 lbs. A 1 30c.  Tea in canister for $1.50
1914: Japan::~$21.00, to be charged to Samuel Burrows	igurr of l<l .	person talking to Miss Rockingham? '
1914: Japan::~A letter was retd from Rev. Nicholls, Bnk between the old and die new bearing he seems to have now that Staiks Comers, asking the use of No. 3 . Here was a man who gave he has shifted his position so that school for educational purposes—a night UP a ®ceptre of empire to become a the light strikes him properly school—to bv« conducted by Rev. Nich dis citizen, whose magnanimous surren-JggT Moved by W. C. Harris, t,er of ancestral prestige for the sake ;	Right In His Line,
1914: JaPan::~A party of boys is expected about 1st reign he once outshone, himself a of March, ages 8 to 14. Farmers and partaker of the freedom he bestowed others desiiiug a bey are requested to upon his country, wiite st once to the Superintendent D.e- The figure of a Shogun, always tributing Home, Knowiton, Que , stating appealing to the western imagination, what they require and what terms they nr8t cast Its shadow across the king-offer to a boy. They should aim enclose l,om of  in the 12th century rsil fsre for the boy from Knowiton and The Shoguns came as a reaction of a give the name of their minister and of a rigorous people against an effeminiz-justice of the peace as references to their ,ng Influence spreading from the
1914: Burn.' detective »genc,. who carried on *ThZt%h.T. been in training e nee . To aatl.f, the demand for gorg,-ou. the negotiation* with Mousseau, et al, in Auguit at Mrs. Bin's Home in L ver- dress’~ the ,oom8 of Japan **'*an the guise of American capitalists, who pool, and many of them came from other W®av*n,w lbe W JudHrful fabrics for
1914: Japan::~long agj, has been known and practiced In  for hundreds of years.
1914: Japan::A German paper manufact uring ter, hot, steaming, and often plant to utilize rice straw is being mendoualy disturbed by the throes erected in China by ese of a globe beneath it that was Hweefc spirits of nitre, wiped off shrinking because it was becoming with ©ottofi when it turn» white, cooler. As the globe shrunk, ever. will remove ink spots from wood. particle of the outside was natur So rich is Argentine tobacco in ally pulled in toward the centre nicotine that much of it is used in and the hardening crust, which th«~ manufacture of insecticide. could not be packed any more so A windmill in England furnishes idly than it was, had to wrinkle, electric light for a church and rec- sinking down he re, and bulging up tory and power to blow a church somewhere else. After a time, cer-orga.ii.	tain of these rising wrinkles, or
1914: Russia:Japan:~tiJery fire has been successful, the S18ted upon, and water supply, dis alliance between France and  men on foot are able to reach with- p,,**! Gf waste, and all activities are antedating the Anglo-French rap in a quarter of a mile of the position carried on in a hygienic manner, prochement, was entered into largely to be carried. Then the infantry The ese were'the first nation “~ \ result of hostility to England;
1914: Japan::~distance there is another	halt, then	When  was at war with	Europe's	situation of to day Is view
1914: Germany::~The whole of tlie budding Colonial Empire of  wil] disappear. I hope we «dial I not take any of her colonies, for we Have enough and to spare already, and, in any case, Germany’~s overseas possesions are not of much account. Possibly we may consent to them being parcelled out equally between Russia and France, contenting ourselves with Togo I and, and passing Kiao-Chao over to Japan.
1914: in true British style. Bluejacket»~	stroys colds in	a truly wonderful way	Japan	s	empress	is	making	band
1914: Japan::~t Britain and all her dependencies, ia, Belgium. , Sr via, Portugal, and (Ivriuany, Mich raw and Turkey. Further-it I ton mania. Bill lrawn into
1914: Japan::~The consul-general of , stationed at Ottawa, Chonosuki Yada,
1915: Japan::ese w<»~men have discovered the art of keeping young that is worth passing along the line. In Japan a baby ia called one year old the day he is horn, because ho has
1915: JAPAN::~CURIOUS WAYS IN .
1915: Japan::~I knew before I got here that  wae queer, but I had no Idea that everything was backward I can’t get | used to sitting on the floor and sleeping with a tomato can with a napkin around It for a pillow. The easiest way to figure out how the Japanese would do a thing Is to think what
1915: Japan::~In  tea leaves are
1915: caKls, in I'Ci un toi < penny.	*	rose bands across the west. From scorn, and the occasional attempts at she was past her work; so Spotty re- °~f Japan, the little black and white
1916: Japan::~4	lbs. 30c.  Tea $1.00
1916: Japan::~Our " Strood " brand  at
1916: Russia:Korea:~Japan defeated , 1896, and most of their time gamboling and roll-secured the Independence of , in over together. After a time the a little over a year; and the U. S. kitten began to grow into a lumbering
1916: Japan::~The Camphor Laurel is a tree of I China, , Formosa, and Cochin-China, and it has also he extensively planted in Java and the West Indies.
1916: Japan::~manufacturers, paper being put to far more uses in  than in Europe, and they cultivate a certain mulberry osier solely for the use of it» bark in I paper manufacture.
1916: Japan:Japan:~30c.  Tea 35c.  Tea
1916: Japan::~ted foulard, crepe de Chine, silk voile, years ago  sent to this counchiffon, crepe and Georgette crepe. tpy * vigorous green vine which won The two illustrations shown here favor through its lavish display of are typical of the simplicity of the fragrant white (lowers in late spring, present styles. The dress of check- por a time the vine and (lowers were ed taffeta has a gored skirt with panel kept within the bounds of gardens, front and back, and of course, it iawI1R nn(] parks. Then it ran away, would not be complete without the To-day you’ll find it roaming along large patch pockets on either side of the roadside, climbing stumps and the front, for pockets are as popular hedges. It needs no gardener, for
1916: Japan:England:~The ese variety which ran away joined some of its American cousins, who are just as pretty and just as fragrant. There's the coral honeysuckles, for example, a famous porch climber in the Southern States, with trumpet-shaped flowers, red outside and scarlet within. In  they have the woodbine, a cream colored, fragrant relative of the honeysuckle.
1916: Japan::~Any American rood, says the Chrie-tion Herald, would have been proud of the dinner on that train. It was vastly better than the dinners on the roads in . The tiffin (luncheon) was table d’hote and cost only one yen (fifty cents). It comprised seven courses, and its main features, relieved of their French disguises, were soup, fish, chicken salad, brown potatoes, succotash, ice cream and lady fingers, apples, oranges, bananas and coffee. Plenty of everything and everything good. Electric bell at every table. Speedy service. Eternal politeness.
1916: American students a specious but înd*a •~ they Influenced Japan against *be tine work	Nobody in the Home Office saw the tourist resort in July. The picturesque
1917: Japan::~There has been a serious advance in both Green and Black Teas (from 7 to 10c. a lb.) We fortunately have about a month's supply of our popular 25c.  Tea, arçd would advise customers to buy liberally.
1917: No; the shock’s been too much for blood of innocent victims, and that it ...	1 1 1	u •~	ing 8olved in Japan where cows are , „ ! merely a part of the gen-
1917: Japan::~Our Leader, a nice sweet drawing, old fashioned  Tea
1917: England:Japan:~Natsume went to  as Gov- ! eminent student in 1900 and soon began to write. A study of how English poets conceived nature establish- | ed for him a definite place in current ! ese thought.
1917: Japan:Japan:~Out of the 5,678 miles of railroad The term \ ankee" is supposed to in , all hut 265 miles are owned have been derived from a corrupt pro. by the Government. The ese as early association of the word "English" by Government plans
1917: Japan::~With all Groceries and Food Stuffs steadily climbing skywards, with the lowest grade Black Teas at the half dollar mark, it certainly looks good to be able to get good  Tea
1917: Japan::~Very little meat is produced or consumed in , the people depending mainly on vegetables, such as rice, fish, certain bulbs such as tiger lily and seaweed, which are very nourishing and different from anything found along our seacoait.
1917: Japan::~Peas and beans are largely culti-: vated in , which resemble our | bush beans and are very prolific, ln-I eluding twenty or more varieties; radishes in all sizes, including the sakurajima, which grows from half a pound to a pound. The long white radish nerine is ten to twelve inches long and very delicious.
1917: Japan::~In  vegetables in seasonable assortment are peddled In two baskets carried across the shoulders on a bamboo pole, brought fresh daily to the door for the housewife’s selection.
1917: JAPAN::~EARTHQUAKES IN .
1917: Japan::~It is well known that  has a great number of waterfalls which would be of material value In the development of the country, reason these valuable sources of power are not being developed is because
1917: Japan::~The coral beds of  are worked by divers in the employ of a master diver who receives the take as it comes in, grades it, and when a sufficient quantity has been obtained, asks for bids on-the lots of each grade, Representatives of ftie leading exporting and wholesale firms are always at hand during the season the best coral is taken, to inspect the take and proffer
1917: JAPAN::~ONE OV "THOSE MAM PUU-EP CARTS THCV USE IN  IT HAS TWo DR* WHEELS ) ON IT- I--------------
1918: Japan:Japan:~Rice grown directly from seed grains 1,000 years old was served the Emperor of  when he attended the manoeuvres of the ese army in Shiga prefecture last fall. The,The ancient rice grains were found
1918: Japan::~We have now in stock a new line of  (commonly called Green) at 45c., and one of Black at 00c , both of which we strongly recommend. Try
1918: Japan::~The constant. danger of earth-Have you ever felt the chagrin of quakes stands In the way of the deknowing that you have failed in an en- FeJopment of the waterfalls of , terprise. whether this may have been a mere Incident of business or on en-
1918: Japan::~Curly Hair a Blemish In .
1918: Japan::~Curly hair is net admired In .
1918: recommended for'i there is a ring-fence of outer defence: stretching from tho Arctic to “~Make water warm you instead of Africa, and from America to Japan burning an excessive amount of coal a:i(j the Eastern coasts of Siberia, to do it,” is the advico of the Ontario Fuel Administration in urging the importance of properly moistening the air in the homo.
1919: Japan::~den seeds have	been removed from	Green	 Ten, worth	70c “	“	....
1919: Japan:Germany:~The action of  in insisting on the retention of the Marshall Islands in the Pacific, instead of submitting them to the mandatory system to which Great Britain and other countries are willing to lend adherence in respect of the disposition of former German colonies, is causing Australia some alarm. The Minister for Labor and Industry In the New South Wales Cabinet, now in London, points out that resolutions adopted by the Federal Parliament of Australia with respect to the future control of German colonies in the Pacific are inspired more by the fear of future wars than from n desire for imperial expansion, to which the democratic feeling of Australia is opposed. The unanimous feeling is that former. German possessions must in future be used as colonics and not as naval bases, with very little colonisation, ns was ’s practice.
1919: Japan:Japan:~native population, presenting few inducements to settlement even by such a frugal and indnstrius people as the ese. On the other hand, they would afford safe shelter to the largest fleet in tho world, and their position might under certian circum-j 0f tho deeds of eclf-flacriflee on "the stances, render them a menace to home fronf* none 1b more noteworthy Australia. If  is not prepared than those of the small band of offl-to accept a mandate with respect to
1919: Japan::~Pair of Shoes, In  the Wedding Dress.
1919: Japan::~In  the groom presents the bride with her white wedding dress and an embroidered golden girdle, while she iln turn gives him the garments that he is to wear, and there is no regular religious ceremony. The nearest approach to one is the lighting of a candle from the altar by the bride, and her sharing this light with the bridegroom, the two candle» being then set close together on the temple altar, their flames mingVng to symbolize the union of their souls and bodies.
1919: Japan::~ind . Representatives ol minor cent great world war, six million mpit* Allumette LM N
1919: With the advent of the “~modem hotel*' in Japan the old inns, or rest-houses, have been to a large extent relegated to obscurity, but some still ! survive rn parts where European travelers seldom penetrate. The kind ; of welcome accorded to visitors in : one of the village inns is very far
1919: Japan::ese newspapers divide their news into two classes—"hard* and "soft.” The former, says Prof. F. L Martin, of the University of Missouri, treats of serlohs and Important events, the later treats of all sorts of "human- soon interest”~ Incidents. The third page of Italy. She is now at San Remo. She the soft-news department is devoted is said to have had no art education, to trivial, gossipy stories, of which the following Is a sample:
1919: Japan::~In Old .
1919: Japan:Japan:~The Forecast prints the following I English-ese copy of the rules of e ! the road that govern motor traffic in 5 j  :
1920: Japan::~In  the family counts for far than the Individual, a traveller
1920: This was, of course, entirely according to custom: so I put aside my Western doubts, and hoped It would be as happy a marriage as possible—~ and there are many happy marriages In Japan.
1920: Japan::~Then ! suggested that, as the wedding ceremony In  Is always entirely In the hands of the man's family and Is held at his homo, I should be
1920: Japan::~her and we were almost in despair	DU.ter	Vnlirns	IYJaoe LI	thing that	will art their bowels and working day * ;e women have
1920: Japan::~Toklo, the capital of , is to
1920: Japan::~For military '' mince  has refused to exwrap the first one in red | purposes til,000.000 hides were needed P011 camphor, of which the celluloid Is
1920: The Pacific has its own “Gulf Stream,” which is called «~the Japan Current, and it is formed in the same
1920: Japan:Japan:~The trade winds, blowing from the tropics, bank up the warmed ocean waters in the Yellow sea (corresponding to the Gulf of Mexico), and thence -they pour out between  and Formosa, the stream thus formed passing south of the Aleutian chain, along the I j]| southern coast of Alaska, and down I the west coast of North America. | Hence it comes about that the whole I southern coast of Alaska has a tern- I perate climate. It is warmed by the I  Current.	|
1920: Japan::~Grade  GREEN TEAS.
1920: Japan::~enable  to undersell abroad.
1920: Japan::~In  straw is converted into bags for grain, shoes for the feet, raincoats for the body, roofs for
1920: Japan:Poland:~, Peru. , and
1920: Japan:Japan:~The kubioke is a round, wooden box, in olden days the head bucket was entirely different In shape and make always kept in a high, narrow closet from any other box in . The with sliding doors, close to a certain bottom, which looks like a flat, wood- alcove that is considered as the place en plate with a narrow rim, has in of honor in every ese house, the centre a sharp, hardwood spike. Now, however, it Is frequently tuck-The cover Is a wide strip of thin wood ed away in a half forgotten comer of curved around a plain top, and it fits the store house, or, as in some of the closely over the rim, hiding it entire- country homes of the northern provinces, put to the practical u.se of Although every samurai owned a holding coils of hemp, ready for the
1920: Japan::~Despite the fact that  Is wide awake and progressive, many of the old time customs, especially thoee of home and faintly life, change slowly.
1920: Japan::~Manufacture of paper pulp from seaweed is proving a profitable undertaking in , and the only company manufacturing this pulp is building another factory. This concern was organized in December, 1919, and is producing, by a secret process, about fifty tons of pulp dally, which is largely used in the composition of cigarette
1921: Japan::~starting point of whatever trouble he	 has 20 women journalists.	tueo or mustard, one-half ounce;
1921: Japan:Japan:~A ese contributor to the  Advertiser has the following note on the forgotten arts of his country : “All the polite arts and accomplishments ore in a bad way. How many middle school boys of today know how to drink tea in the forms of the tea ceremony? Flower arrangement is being fast forgotten. Versification, which once was one of the commonest ac-qulrments of youths. Is a hopeless mystery tb the people of Taleho. word politeness is not to be found in their lexicon. * When at home they read cheap story magazines, and when going out they put themselves at the ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on I tender mercies of Jammed tramcars.
1921: Japan::~other in token of brotherhood aud of	The	discovery	is	rather exciting	carefulI>' prepared opening sentences,	Toba, on the shores of the  sea
1921: Japan::~The visit of Crown Prince Hirohlto of  furnished an occasion for calling attention to many sights unknown to the average tourist, but even Frenchmen well acquainted with Paris offerings stared blankly when told that.the Prince had actually touched the '‘standard metric scale and kilogramme weight, which are kept in the Pavillon de Breteull, near Ht. Cloud.
1921: Japan::~Vegetable Leather in .
1921: Japan::~A plant grows In  which furnishes a sort of vegetable leather. It 1» a pretty shrub called the mitsumaU and Its inner bark, after going through certain processes, is converted into a substance as tough es French kid, so translucent that one can almost see through it, and as pliable and soft a» calfskin.
1921: usa:Japan:~In the great Hongwanjl Temple, at Kioto. Japan, arc preserved twenty-nine Immense ropes made of human hair. They represent voluntary offerings of tens of thonds of ese women.
1922: It Is well known that in order to make the actual number of sunrises nnd sunsets experienced during a voyage round the world correspond with the calendar nu extra day must he intercalated or “~thrown overboard." according to the direction traveled. This adjustment Is made at the moment of crossing the pne hundred and eightieth meridian, which runs to the west of the midway point between Japan and
1922: Japan:Japan:~A ese contributor to the  Advertiser has the following note on the forgot ten arts of his country : "All the polite arts and accomplishments are In a bad way. How many middle school boys of today know how to drink tea In the forms of the tea ceremony? Flower arrangement Is being fast forgotten, once was one of the commonest ac-qulrments of youths, Is a hopeless mystery to the people of Talsho. The word politeness la not to be found In their lexicon. When at home they read cheap story magazines, and when going out they put themselves at the tender mercies of Jammed tramcars. So they wax ever more dwarfed and penguin-footed, both physically and mentally. And the love of nature, of art and poetry, which was such a distinguished characteristic of the Yama-to race Is being quickly replaced by the <ove of money and accumulation.’*
1922: did that to see how he took it. But I 0ld nmn.'and pulled himself up in pain- ,goesv_ l^ï’ /.TJ th.x Lt nnJ fulks always arouse3 a despairing. Mme. Kaji Yajima. the “Grand Old lowing his novelty was on a wrong scent altogether. He fu] confusion as	ho realized the tragic \ thousand •^ 4«~'hall we eat?" from that liar-j Woman of Japan,” w^ho came to pre-	peari at the Royal Horticultural Hall
1922: Japan::~A4 a marriage ceremony in  of purple color la taboo, lest the mutual love of the bride and groom be scon tost, as purple is a color moat liable to fade
1922: fetar aggregation with tlie long length secured a real Krupp field | on the missionary work of (he . «~t he preached on Feb. 20, name, although they lacked some-	gun of 4 1 calibre, (about equiva-	Church ill mid-Japan, in which he	in VR* Presbyterian	Church at
1922: Japan::~High-class  Tea . .
1922: Japan::~Green ,
1922: Japan::~Indeed, no two couples are alike any | In mine pa/rte of , as soon fut more than (hero are two i>eople ex- a young man has set eyea upon hie actly alike	Ideal, he open.* proceeding# by fasten-
1922: Japan::~Green  at Green Ceylon “ Black..........
1923: Japan:Canada:~The ese Mission, which recently arrived at Vancouver on board the Canadian Pacific steamer "Empress ami crossed  via the C.P.R. on their way to New York, where they are to attend an interna»
1923: Japan::~Speaking to a reporter, Mr. Miyasnki said: " Is slowly changing, she is assuming new habits and new
1923: Japan::~He stated that , if the proper stops were taken, would be a good customer for Canadian gra n, and speaking of general trade conditions in his own country said, that when complete liquidation had cleared the financial atmosphere, trade would once more take great stride»; forward. Ho added, "We are now buying a lot of lumber from you, and It Is certain wo will want more, much more. Your lumber has such a beautiful grain, and know, we don't paint our houses in the interior."
1923: Japan::~live party of Canadian manufac- From Head Rocher Capitaine to turers to visit  in September ^ Joachims
1923: 226 Hess Ht., Hamilton, Ont , recently, "My stomach was so disordered that everything I ate made me deathly sick and caused pains in the pit of in y stomach that nearly drove me distracted. Often the agony was so gr<-at I couldn’~t help crying, and for two or three days at a time I wouldn't eat a morsel of food. I was as nervous as a Natural Resources Intelligence Service flowers of the Hebtocus mutabllls are ; witch, miserable for the want of sleep of the Department of the Interior. To white on opening In the morning, both is, of curse, must be added the in- come pink at noon, turn red at sun-ernased value due to processes of set, and at night fade to a bluish tint, manufacture through which wood pass- The tree is a native of Gb-lna and es In reaching its complete form.\ This Japan, but grows also In the East and would at least double Its value, and West Indies.
1923: Japan::~Real  Tea, Choice Siftings, High Grade Coffee,
1923: Japan::~Black Orange Pekoe, per lb., 65c Green Ceylon Green ,
1923: Japan::~Wise Words from .
1924: Japan::~"Any age at which he is able to King crabe, found mostly off the make money enough to live in style." islands of , measure from 8 to 6 feet from tip to tip of their greet claws; the largest ever caught is recorded as having been 19 feet from tip to tip and weighing 40 lbs.
1924: Japan::~able. Never mate cockerels and pul- growing every minute till they ma- 0f the 8everal crops tested, - send them home, lets. Never use hens which have been	ture, which	can be done by proper	ese miIlet Proved	to have	the greater,	“We'll	be	back	to	see	Sue and Sally
1924: Japan::~China and . RJKW&KSM Straits settlements and Newfoundland took the rest. The value was $21,301.
1924: Japan::~This is what they fill salmon cana with in British Columbia. The -
1924: United States:Japan:~A situation which looks very serious has arisen between Japan and the , over the ese exclusion provision of the recently adopted Ü~. S. immigration law. that this legislation l>e revoked has been made by the Japanese, and it is now up to Uncle Sam either to back down, or refuse to accede to Japan's request. If the latter course is adopted, the Japs may go the extreme of severing diplomatic relations with our neighbors to She .South.
1924: Japan::~1922.	The reason given Is that the fine quality Green Teas of India and Ceylon have displaced the Inferior  anch-Chlna Greens which, due to their low price, were imported heavily some years ago. Balada Tea Company is the largest importer of India and Ceylon Green Teas.
1924: Japan::~8 locality  and China Green Teas, ¦~ 1-tile demand fell off. Ceylon and India started producing Green Tea on a large scale only in recent years. They were of such fine quality and delicious flavor that Green Tea drinkers Immediately recognized their superiority and demanded them In ever Increasing quantities. Balada Tea Company Is practically the sole Importer of Ceylon and India Green Teas In Canada.
1924: Japan::~twelve years old. Frank W, Wool- while the regular monthly service worth began life as a clerk in a *111 he continued between Montreal store In Waterdown, N.Y. Cyrus H. hnd Australia and New Zealand. Curtis,Philadelphia publisher, started *n addition to the St. Lawrence his career as a newsboy. E. H Harrl- services, regular sailings from the man earned his first money as a clerk Pacific Coast will be maintained to in a broker's office. Andrew Carnegie Australia and New Zealand, China began as a bobbin boy In a Penneyl- and , as well as the coastal servant» cotton mill. Charles M. vice between British Columbia ports Schwab was a clerk In a small store and ports In California. Direct ser-and later became stake-driver for an vice will bn maintained as well be-•ngineering corps. John Wanamaker tw-een Vancouver and the United began his career as ah errand boy. Kingdom, by way " of the Panama James J. Hill clerked In a steamship Csnal. office.
1924: Japan::~Disasters in  Take Heavy Toll of Life. •
1924: Japan::~Twenty persons were killed when a typhoon swept the aoutl eastern coast of . The fatalities resulted from residents being pinned beneath house* wrecked by the disturbance. Several other persons are missing In fishing boats caught In the area of the ty-
1924: Japan::~Five months ago Fukuda was order'd to return to  when immigration authorities in Seattle learned that he had entered that port five years ago without a passport was placed aboard the Nippon Yusen Knisha steamer lyo Mam. When the steamer was far from shore Fukuda dived overboard with a box containing $50 and a bank book recording ! 2,380 yen deposited in the Yokohama j Specie Bank Branch in Seattle tied to his back. His attempt to smuggle himself into Victoria failed and he was returned to the ship, but in his struggle with the waves he lost his precious box.
1925: Japan::~1	lb. of our  Tea
1925: Japan::~When a dog barks at night in  the owner is arrested and sentenced to work for a fixed time for the neighbors whoee slumbers may have been disturbed.	____
1925: Japan::~All Laundry Soaps, 4 bars for  Tea at................
1925: “~1 f aid, show me an Irishman ami ; Most picturesque and famous of I'll show you a coward," replied the them all 1* the Kyoto Cherry Blossom Engines in modern automobiles are little mao. whose knees were shaking! Festival, Japan's great national hoi I made up of from four to twelve of under him these cylinders together.. They are most usually found in i combination
1925: Japan::~2& lbs. 50c.  Tea 10 “ Small Raisins,. 3 pieces Agateware...
1925: Japan::~Is preserved in the air-tight SALADA packet. Finer than any  or Gunpowder. Insist upon SALADA.
1925: Japan::~This Is not a Joke; It appears Just as It Is In 's largest police eta-
1925: "Rules of the Road—~Tokio, Japan "1. At the rise of the hand policeman, stop rapidly.
1925: Japan::~are sealed in air-tigHt aluminum foil. Their fresh flavor is finer than any  or Gunpowder. Try SALADA.
1925: Japan::~Military training of all students in , which Is embodied in the pro posed national military training sys-j tern, was commenced recently In the * normal schools of the empire. It le planned to extend the system to stu-l dents of middle and other schools of higher grade next year.
1925: Japan::~Those who have used , Youn§£ Hyson or Gunpowder Tea will appreciate the superiority of this delicious blend, always so pure and rich. Try it.
1925: Japan::~The little leaves and tips from High mountain tea gardens, that are used in SALADA are much finer in flavor than any Gunpowder or . Try it.
1925: Japan::~A Lesson from .
1925: Japan::~1.	Tho genealogical trees of the reigning houses of Europe, as well as many which have been dethroned within the last hundred years, together with the sovereigns of every latitude, minutely enumerated, Including details of reigning families In , Egypt, Afghanistan, Siam and the Indian states.
1925: Japan::~College of Niigata, , after ex tensive experiments with reptiles.
1925: Japan::~Small quantity of Special  Tea to clear at 40 cents per lb.
1926: Japan::~Is preserved In the air-tight SALAD A packet. Finer than any  or Gunpowder* Insist upon SALADA.
1926: Japan::~Fresh supply of Uncolored  Tea
1926: Japan::~Fuji, In .
1926: Japan::~Has won it millions of users. Finer than any , Gunpowder or Young Hyson. AsK for SAL AD A.
1926: Germany:Japan:~Canada seems to have had no trouble in finding plenty of foreign markets for its surplus, says the Chronicle. From Canadian ports on the East and West .this product is how being sent to sixty-eight different countries, and new buyers are coming forward every year. While Great Britain Is naturally the largest customer, with  a close second, the lands of the Orient, like China and , have recently developed a liking for flour which they had
1926: Japan::~He went to America, treimp-, tlve qulck retorL "1 mean to get about ed the continent for a year and flually ^ Iuuch M usual, although 1 ahull no got to , whore he found the in- j<TO^er be a welcome guest"
1926: Japan::~Commvnhig upon Osaka Maintehi, 's leading newspaper. declares: ‘It goes without saying that the educational system of thta country is extremely backward in the field of women's education as compared with other advanced countries of the world
1926: Japan::~The position of -la fast being elevated us
1926: Japan::~crab of  has such
1926: Japan::The ese treasury has agreed to accept £~4.000,000 from Germany in the form of Telefunken radio apparatus to cover reparations due.
1926: Ceylon Black Tea—~best there is Ceylon Green Japan Green Siftings »
1926: Japan::~In the Central West of this continent a most violent wind storm Is called a cyclone, the rushing wind taking a circular or spiral motion; in the West Indies a great wind storm is called a hurricane; In the China Sea it is a typhoon, a word derived from the Chinese, meaning a great wind. The typhoon is accompanied by a heavy rainfall and particulars respecting the reent typhoon at Hong Kong give an idea of the enormous fall of water the typhoon often brings. The British colony of Hong Kong consists of an island, and a narrow strip of the mainland, only 32 square miles in all, with a population of 600,000. It is a great centre of British commerce with China and .
1927: Japan::~An fntlrely new American insect peat, a beetle from , has been reported in New York and New Jee-
1927: Japan::~Pensioned Officers In .
1927: Japan::~There are some 336,000 superannuated officers and officials on the  j ess pension roll which amounts to about $60,000,00JO annually.
1927: Japan:Japan:~Emperor Yoshihito, of , is dead and his son Hirhito reigneth in his stead. The ese Diet before adjourning, out of respect the late Emperor, voted the sum of 2,980,000 yen (nearly $1,500,000 of our money) to cover the expenses in connection with his funeral. For extravagance in matters of this kind the Japs are entitled to the bun.
1927: Japan:Germany:~As a buyer of Canadian goods however, France has not held her position and to now exceeded In value of Imports by , , Chine,
1927: Japan::~ywvid* you with anything you | feeeicn&i man has every opportunity to of .
1927: Japan::~In addition to the actlvltiee of the* Maroon! Company, the Indian lUuIlo' Telegraph Company, who are their eolsi Moeneece for India and Burma, fund) who will operate the Wireless Beatnj System under oonocseloti from the Oov^ animent of India, oontemplate a futunx ex tension of their system for oommunSj cation with Australia,  and South)
1927: Japan::~A possibility that tho vessel was the one seen by the steamship West Ison, east of  last December, was removed when a sailor of the Amerl- ^ can freighter exhibited a photograph ! of the disabled craft which .refused aid from the steamer. Although the two ships were somewhat similar In appearance, the photograph revealed striking points of difference.
1927: Japan::~causes not only pa I o faces and white , facturer from , Greece lips; it Is tho root of many pains and Brazil. Inquiries have also been re miseries
1928: Japan::~Rev. Percy Poivies, brother of Dr. Powles, gave a very interesting and instructive lecture on  in St. Paul’s Church at Sunday evening** service. At present Rev. Mr. Powles and family are taking a year's respite from their arduous missionary work in the "f lowery Kingdom."
1928: «WOO,000 and £~2.000 000 worth j nJ toow , told ,ou It was a sin to France's total being £~1,846,000, and ^ w88te(u, ,mt what has that got to Japan's £ 1,664,000. America » buy-1 wl(h yiiaf wearing a short dress lng la light. The total Australian wool thatT» -well, It 1 wear a long ¦ales, so far as they have progressed l fro< k „ke you wallt me to, I'll be want to date, represent a value of £10,109,- about ten shilling*' worth of silk 000 for 675,676 bales.	! ,t0,klngF.'-
1928: Japan::~Mediterranean, India, Sumatra, Borneo, Siam, China, , Honolulb, Mexico, the Panama Canal and New York.
1928: Japan::~Thistle Brand  Teas, 50 and 60c Old Java and Mocha Coffee, - 60c
1928: Japan::~We are offering a Spring that consists of 90 wire tied coil springs, each firmly fastened to steel supports attached to a strong steel frame, finished in brown or black . Sizes medium and large.
1928: Italy:Japan:~Referring to the various embargoes accepted by Great Britain, with France and , under the tripartite agreement of 1906, and with these powers and Belgium and , under the 1919 convention and 1920 agree-
1928: Japan:England:~Tea merchants are visualising a harbor once more sheltering ships awaiting cargoes of Foochow tea bound for foreign ports and recalling the romance of another day,- before the growth of the tea trade of Ceylon and  eclipsed that of Foochow, when Yankee clipper ships, pride of New  shipbuilders, crowded their British rivals for trade at the moorings.
1928: Japan::~From  comes the second reported instance of a meteorite hitting a human being. A tiny pebble of reivsiial origin seared the neck of a tim h-year-old baby girl at play near Toklo.
1929: Japan::~First-crop  teas are admittedly the finest
1929: that some out of the land of blossoms. “SALADA”~ Japan green tea Is comprised only of first-crop
1929: A. ma trou w ho lives in Nevada, Recommends very highly Salada •~ Como friends when you eau To taste my Japan,
1929: Japan::~Farther north where the Columbia and Willamette Rivers sweep on to the sea, spring arrives later. True, the crocus, the hyacinth and the Shasta buttercup may now be making tiny spots of color along garden paths, and. the stems of the flowering quince ] are garnet in their challenge, valleys of these great rivers, protected by their eastern mountain range and tempered, it is believed, by the  current in the waters of the Pacific, are not far behind in their
1929: Canada:Canada:~hardly be believed, outside , how separate in education Frenchspeaking and English-speaking  have remained, and how Ignorant of the other's schools each part is at the present day. Even within the P ovlnce of Quebec itself most English speaking people—unless it he the Brazilian farm life to be shokn in all lawyers, whose practice of French Ae Japanese villages in the conces-
1929: Japan::~His Royal Highness Prince Henry, third son of King George, who has been on a mission to , crossed the continent from Vancouver last week-end, was billed to be in Ottawa on Dominion Day for a short time, and then proceeded on to Quebec, where lie was the guest of Lord and Lady Willingdon.
1929: Japan::~tests from those who think the activi- the blue strain of fish."	..	.. . , v	Social conditions in  are such
1929: pions hips, in addition to l* mg a demon- in London a conductor’~s baton was doubt If any of the lords and ladles ^y of many women along different atration of unusual physical develop first seen in 1819. It was swung by who surrounded her later in the day nnes w|y prove a great advantage, ment and skill will be one of the most Ludwig Spohr at a grand concert, ever knew of these early morning I opening of professional oppor-amusing features in the exhibition.	Motart, however, It is credibly re- idylls between the Queen and her (unities in Japan f	\ is the
1929: Palace, taking It through the side | Oo-<*luc»~tton In Japan Only a Matter
1929: Japan::~High Grade  Tea ..
1930: Japan::~effect has been to induce  to and «Peculating when they lose. -
1930: Japan::~75c. Salada and Lipton's Blacks now 60c. Our Thistle  is unchanged, and the best at the price in Pontiac—
1930: Japan::~and .
1930: Japan::~You will like the flavour of this  Green Blend
1931: Japan:Russia:~Although a new disease of man, tularaemia has now been recognized In forty-three States of the United States, in the District of Columbia, Canada, ,  and Norway.
1931: France:Japan:~In submarines the United States navy Is strongest with 83;  comes next with 82. then  with 67, and Britain fourth with 58.
1931: ers and a boiler compound, which Is ¦~1 *1 a:tH "t? the south end of Japan,
1931: Tokyo.—~Travel on commercial air lines In Japan is increasing despite hard times, according to statistics published by the Aviation Bureau of the Ministry of Communications.
1931: Japan::~For the six months ending April 1 planes of the  Air Transport Company carried 5,094 passengers, only 252 of whom were foreigners. There was no accident and no passenger was hurt.
1931: Heinz’~ Ketchup, large bottles, 21c Green Japan Tea, per lb.
1931: Japan::~What cam# before! Captain flying to  with the Chine*# (loner »1 Lu. They run out of gnsnlln# ami in* forced to land * n a deserted Island in the Chlneao Kea.	.	.	.	.
1931: More wonderful still, some of them arc able to act In st; plays so per-trol Is cheap, and there is something f(,vl|y that spectators ran not believe approaching a world dut of oil. But they have not the gift of sight, many people are worried by the fact There Is a company of seven girls, that we depend on outside sources for known as “~the Lighthouse Players," the fu* l oil required by the navy. who have been giving plays in a New From this point of vi^w. the de- york theater. Though they are blind, velopment of a coal-oil industry Is a they get all the cffm-ls and perform matter of real national importance. lM the celions that would he expect-Japan Is already showing an ex	e(l	frnm highly	trained	sighted
1931: Heinz’~ Ketchup, large bottles, 21c. Green Japan Tea, per lb Black Tea, per lb., - - -Soda Biscuits, 2 lbs. for - - 23c. Canded Tomatoes, 3 tins for 19c. Pure Lard, 3 lbs. for - - -Ply Spray, 8-oz. bottle - - 35c. Castile Soap, 8 bars for - . 25c. Homemade Soap, 3 Mb. bars 25c. Loose Raisins, 2 lbs. for
1931: Japan:Spain:~sit down while he brewed a fresh pot, bought 1,800,000 pounds more artifl-and offered me cigarettes. When I of- cial sflk so far this year than last, fered him pay, he always tried to re- Increased exporta to Austria,  fuse the money, not because he did and  are also reported, not need It, because most of these people are desperately poor, but because he considered me his guest
1931: Ottawa.—~Canada is replacing the Egypt, also a great producer and pur- United States in the British market veyor to Britain. In May wheat Is for canned salmon and for the first reaped in China and Japan, and in nine months of the present calendar June In Italy and Spain
1932: Japan::~from  and North America, where Lorn Bulk
1932: Kirk’~s Hardwater Soap, four bars, Orient Japan Green Tea, per pound
1932: Germany:Japan:~1 land, fifty-two ; Switzerland, fifty-one; France, fifty ; , forty-six; , forty-four and India, twenty-three. Statistics also show that females have a greater expectation of life at birth than males.
1932: Japan::~ft. 2 in. to his credit; Castro of Bra- come up to expectations was attricu-zil with 13 ft. 6 in.; Bill Graber and ted largely to the poor showing of the Ted Lee, Americans; Nakazawa of | Ukraine, where a had drought last  and his teammate the sen sa tional Nishida who has soared 13 ft. I Ret*d
1932: On the way to Buchester,,’~ added	I IrtliriCQ \JT1	plans to file claims	with Japan for	Items of Expense Are Listed
1932: Japan::~Shlmodn, on the eastern coast of the Izu peninsula, came into the American spotlight In the middle tlu> the Inst century, when n treaty was a ratified there which finit opened  to foreign trade.
1932: United States:Japan:~in lS.Vt rapt. Matthew OnllAilth Perry,  navy, sailed up vl the hay of Sa garni to Shlmodn, w ashore with 300 men and delivered at , letters from President Fillmore to a representative of the ese emperor. In tin
1932: Japan::~treaty between America and , providing, among other things, for the opening of g
1932: Japan::~America's first diplomatic representative to  resided at Shlmodn. it was a tidal wave and earthquake that caused the diplomatic < he removed from Shi mod a to Yokohama In 1830.
1932: Poland:Spain:~The list of countries that will man stations in different parts of the world Includes Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada. Denmark, Great Britain, Estonia, Falkland Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Japan, Mexico. Netherlands, Norway. . , Sweden, Switzerland, and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and Turkey. Even nations that do not appear i) n this list are not indifferent to the Importance of the Second Polar Year.
1932: Japan::~Wages Urop in  ^ ^ ^ at the baoU bf the house. Wh
1932: Japan::~Details of the decline in wages in Thege ^ings, 1 grant you, happenea **you say some lawyer signed the  in 1931 are found in a report re-	ng0 Rut recently there was an- | i€ase for the owner?”
1932: Japan::~\ .f happi n . i he j bu in ; men < t China and  of tbo first rank are generally men of very wide Interest i. They are in-tonsvb $ u r»xitid In things other tli in trade. And the hotter w ifole t » i i ‘vt them in their div ih'd tot x iti r, the better I think f.ur trade relations with them will become.
1933: Japan::~ladles did not stint themselves in . defies the authority of be| 1*31 where toilet preparations League. She threatens to withdraw | concerned, from membership. No one desires
1933: Japan:Japan:~ese action and losing  as a 114 206,511 In 1930. *
1933: Japan::~imported mon than $180.000.000 worth of raw 'ID from  In 1931.
1933: Japan::~The extension of the war area is calculated to do injury to commerce far beyond the confines of China, but there is very little prospect of the present military government of  being overthrown. The outside world is
1933: Japan::~faced with the prospect of bitter warfare between China and  per-|Slavia, Rumania, and Czecho slovakia, haps for many years: it is an appall- have signed a treaty at Geneva. They courage—these and many other uttrl-ing conflict between nations for na | have set up an institution without pre- utes, too numerous ot mention—made tional existence.—Ottawa Citizen.
1933: ain’t talking religion nev*—~you're | Academy of the Sciences. These discoveries divide themselves naturally into two parts, the one consisting of Japan has 7G8 trade unions. 101 of I letters and documents, the other of His voice broke, | which are In the transport industry. Kepler's i ne rp relation of the events
1933: Japan::~ODOts vjUlde British 1 rartic ship in the English Channel in Janu- of the course of at least one week on permitted to give massage in .
1933: Japan::~Pupils are received from | ^ Mid- as revealed to the W.A.
1933: usa:Japan:~Thonds of goldfish are annually Imported from  for sale In this
1933: Japan:Japan:~lively than when originally token ont of their native waters In . The astounded ese had some of the glacier water analyzed. Besides greaU pr aeration they also found It to con tain millions of minute crustacean life which supplied an unusually high vit-
1933: Japan::~goods by United Kingdom be granted Charles A. Upperman, 58, m , products. On the other hand com-'Judge Frank Smith said: "there an CRCT petition from  Is becoming in- many aggravating things In life, but creaalngly severe In a steadily wld- there is nothing >o aggravating as a
1933: Japan::~lead pencils (containing half an inch of lead at each end) dumped into this, drink. Then one country from  soon after the head and bellowed hilariously. A sec-war. Many similar instances could be ond jumped a fence. Then the pigs mentioned, and the Sunday Times was ! daggered away from the bank and not exaggerating a fortnight ago when flopped into mud. The officers also it referred to "heelless socks, crutch- watched sparkling ducks attempt to less pyjamas, backboneless ties, furless hats, leatherless shoes, and silk
1933: Japan::~less silk goods'-all from -, JQhn Lenient Johannesburg Sunday Times
1933: Japan:Canada:~It is gratifying to learn that the humanity is the same now a< it alw ays amount of lumber exported from Bri-1 was._Sydney Bulletin tish Columbia last month exceeded that of any other month in the history of the province. It exceeded the shipments of August, 1929. the totals being 75.432.000 feet and 73.077.000 feet, the latter the total for August 1929. the previous high mark. We are told that since the beginning of this year a definite uptrend in the lumber industry for this province has been noted, i that this has taken place in spite thc fact that the market in the United States and  has declined very considerably In recent months to be hoped that the increase in ’s shipments of lumber to the United Kingdom will he maintained.
1934: nv—~witnoui a misnap.	JAPAN MAKING GREATER	that it doesn’t matter much whether too strenuously. Hearts are some-
1934: Japan::~USE OF TYPEWRITER you are thin or fat, provided you times rather weak after years of In  there has been a radical know' how to stand and walk and sit. what Mrs. Robinson calls “soft liv-change in the handling of corres-1 “See this,” she admonished, slip-pondence by government offices and 1 ping off her rather tiny pumps and larger business houses. Previously walking around the room on her letters were written by hand but a heels. “Women begin to age first in typewriter has been produced with the ankles and being to show it
1934: Japan:Canada:~Japanese characters and it is being adopted in government offices and the more substantial business houses. The machine is more cumbersome than that used in Canada due to the greater number of characters required by the Japanese language. This increased use of the typewriter in  has brought about a great demand for carbon paper. The higher grades of carbon paper are supplied by Great Britain and , while the cheaper grades come from Austria, the United
1934: Japan:Japan:~out that the wholesale capture of tuna for canning In  has so harassed the fish that none has been taken In ese waters with rod and line for five years. The same condition, they say, prevails along the California coast.
1934: JAPAN::~KISSING IN .
1934: Japan::~Henceforth it is decreed, only the most unexceptionable kissing will be allowed in American movies shown in , Mothers and fathers, and even uncles and aunts will be allowed to kiss babies. Husbands may kiss their wives, wives may kiss husbands; the sweethearts may kiss, but only if their intentions are honorable. But kissing in imported movies between a man and somebody’s wife between a woman and somebody’s husband—no it is not to be permitted. “Kisses,” says the despatch, very solemnly, “in native Japanese productions will not be permitted under any circumstances whatsoever.”—Vancouver Province.
1934: Japan::~The origin of Shintoism, the oldest and the basic religion of , is unknown. Its traditions and legends are said to show a Chinese Influence. Shintoism rose in prehistoric times and existed until after the beginning of our era without a name, dogmas or writings. There was room In this primitive religion for the worship of whatever aroused the admiration or
1934: Japan::~awe. About the Sixth century A. I). It entered a new period, with definite forms and organization. Then, upon the introduction of Buddhism into  it combined with and was to a large extent superseded by that
1935: Japan::~Green tea drinkers will find a sheer delight in the exquisite flavour of Salada  tea. Try a package.
1935: Japan::~Rev. P. S. C 1*0wle-, who has been visiting at the home of his brother, Dr. Powle-, occupied the pulpit at the Sunday evening service in St. Paul'- Church Rev. Powle- leaves this month for  to resume In- mi—ionary duties after a furlough of more than a year.
1935: Japan::~the very substantial concessions accorded to imports from  by reducing the exchange compensation duty which made full allowances tor the extent to which the competitive advantage arising from the déprécia-of Japanese exchange had been
1935: Japan::~price level .
1935: Japan::~tary , with a population call-Rockford, 111., announces that he will I jng jor oujetg, The pride of Australia engage nothing but good-looking Lg ^ white population. It is not be-teachers in future. We uped to thinking reinforced. Indeed, there has been there was a pretty teacher on the a standstill in the British Common-tenth concession, but there was al-1 wealth which has intensified the unways a mean look in her eye and a empiovment problem in the Old Councertain frigidity in her voice when | try An Australian speaker in Gias-she said something about staying in
1935: certainly needed to bring about a nal nouncement last week concerning the revival in Great Britain —~ a great | %0 per cent, ad valorem surtax im-pieces of Biscuit | development of the British Common-1 poge(i bv Japan upon certain Canad-
1935: Canada:Canada:~iau goods entering  is not going to bow to the will of Jana by any means, and if the surtax is not removed, then  will do the one logical thing—~secede from the terms of the Anglo-Japan-commercial treaty. If that course is finally taken then the Dominion would be free to take such other
1935: Canada:Japan:~mercial treaty has regulated trade between  and  May, 1913. The Dominion regards the
1935: Canada:Japan:~Japanese surtax as action against Canadian goods. However,  is earnestly hopeful that the government of  may yet be persuaded of the justness cf ; the position taken by the Canadian government and will take stop< to
1935: Italy:Japan:~05.8 percent, of Germany percent, of France percent, of . ’s decline was approximately 47 percent., t>he only major exporting nation with a better
1935: That h interesting Information — j and encouraging. It is proof that Canada’~s foreign trade has suffered less rhan that of any other nation except Japan. It is interesting to note, too, that the Dominion now occupies sec- i
1935: England:Japan:~mercial crop, and help to keep down to for hundreds of years. In  & minimum destructive plant diseases, the master of the cormorants was for- L.pj, t}iejr resultant serious effiect on merly one of the officers of the royal \yie\fa. The use of certified potato seed household. The practice is nearly oh- on many farms would double the yields so let e In Europe, though still common now bein' obtained in  and China. A strap is fastened around the bird’s neck, so as
1935: A large attendance of young people gathered in the Sunday school room of the church on Monday for their meeting which was conducted by the missionary committee. Ina Murray was in charge and was assisted in the devotional pei iod by Linda Lynch. The feature of the evening was five short addresses on mission work that the church is doing, these being given by Lee Hod gins, on China, Marjorie Wilson, on India, Amelia Dale, on Africa,»~ Kelvy My res, on Canada and Lottie Wright on Japan
1936: Canada:Japan:~Prince Edward Island foxes purchased by the Japanese Government for an experimental scation have left Charlottetown on their long journey. The special pedigreed male animale, shipped in two crates, will cross  by rail and be put aboard a liner for .
1936: Japan:Japan:~Gifts of ship models are not confined lo Christian churches. They are , to he found also In many shrines and temples on the const of Japan. There they lake the form of models of the picturesque ese flslilngcrnft. ese fishermen also sometimes present anchors nntf oars to the temple* where they worship.
1936: Japan::~A study of fibers from three differ- I varnishes. With hydrochloric add a *nt breeds of silk worms each raised product is formed that can he molded # The best evidence of the value placed la six sections In  from the I into elastic, transparent sheets. The on the fish in this district, may be northernmost to the southernmost lat- ] latest development In this line Is that realized by the very large quantity of It odes. Including spring and autumn 0f oxygenated rubber. The combina speckled trout (illegally) shipped into, prop, was made. It was found that I tlon of rubber and oxygen Is a soft. Hull and Ottawa, «luring the past ten the shape of the thread varied with the plastic mass that can be readily mold-days. This wholesale bxitleggtng is breed and within the same breed It ed but which on heating sets Into a carried out with the full knowledge of varied with th latitude. The threads I tough, hqrd solid the members of the Councils and with * produced In the spring were larger, 1
1936: Tennis is today the world’s most universal game. It is played in every continent and nearly every country. The Davis Cup competition have now annually entries from most civilized countries. The game seems to appeal to the Oriental more than most West-sports and the Japanese in particular today force the world’~s best to the limit to win. Even to Russia ten-
1936: Germany:Italy:~world. Is It any wonder that Japan  and  are restless am discontented, or that the appeal to “tit something about it" warms the hearts of their respective peoples?
1936: Sometimes they are called the “Little Apes of Nikko”~ because they appear In mural decorations in the ancient tombs In Nikko, Japan. According to some Japanese writers the three apes symbolize the fact that the Japanese talks too much, the Chinese sees too much, and the Indian hears too much.
1936: Japan::~J. W. T. Mason, for years noted as foreign affairs expert of the United Press, pictured as lie arrived hi San Francisco with Mrs. Mason after spending a year in  studying Shintoist:.
1936: France:Japan:~Total trade increased with numerous countries, including Germany, ,  and Brail.
1937: usa:Japan:~the Shogun Yoshim about the mid- | Dandle Dinmont terrier and the otter-die of the Fifteenth century and still flourishes among those who remain faithful to and cherish the old spirit of .
1937: Canada:Japan:~Insofar as actual quantity is con In spite of the fact that  was cerned,  is self-sufficient in excluded by trade policies from the wheat, having produced over 47,900,- market for half of 1935, the Do-000 bushels in 1935, but 16,318,000 minion supplied 1,929,029 bushels in bushels were imported for blending, that year.
1937: Classification* of Tea Teas from all parts of the world fall into three general classifications —~fermented or black teas which are preferred In this country; unfermented or green tea which Is the kind used In Japan ; and semi-fermented, a blend of the two. All three may come from the game bush for like some other commodities the chief difference lies In treatment after It Is picked climate and altitude In which the tea Is grown makes a marked difference In flavor. .
1937: Japan:United States:~Compared with the corresponding figures for a year earlier, the number of registered unemployed persons has declined in Australia, Belgium, Bulgaria. Canada, Chile, Czechoslovakia. Danzig. Denmark. Finland. France, Germany. Great Britain, Hungary, , Latvia, New Zealand, Norway, Rumania, Sweden and the .
1937: Japan::~Particular attention is to be paid tlsts who last year scurried to points to the difference In physical proper- all the way from Greece to  to tions of couples. An S. 8. man will study a mere 2% minute eclipse ex-not be permitted to marry girl
1937: Japan::~Opposition Leader Bouchard approv-  • Mandated islands
1937: Japan::~needy mothers in ptinciple, but com- Territorially, 's mandated ls-plained the Union Nationale govern lands—of the Marshall, Pelew, Caroline ment had no right to provide for such nn(j La drone or Marianne groups—are pensions by borrowing and suggested it not significant, states a writer In the come out of cm rent revenue	New York Times. They are a round
1937: In China the chrysanthemum is revered as a sacred thing, and pilgrimages arc made yearly to the River Kai where natives drink of the petal-strewn wat of gaining long life. The type of chrysanthemum which grows there is a tiny plant or bush, •with blossoms little larger than button.”~ It is called chr> indie uni and is a far c giant ostrich feather tyj in the United States. Whereas we wear our flowers and decorate our homes with them, the ancients worshiped them In Japan a yearly festival is held in their honor, at which time a festive drink is made from the petals. The imperial emblem of Japan represents a sixteen petaled chrysanthemum.
1937: Canada::~in  ate 12 dozens of eggs abaft the bitts—two pieces of timber per head during the year, and the to which the cable was attached Japanese consumed 16 dozen per when the ship rode at anchor.
1937: Russia:Japan:~With Soviet  disturbed by espionage trials and the execution of army leaders it is not unlikely that  will push forward in her march toward the rich stores of war materials in the heart of China.
1937: Japan::~Made in ; Good heavy quality
1937: Japan::~Overseas Exhibits Overseas exhibits are bigger and more comprehensive than ever before, the British Empire being particularly well represented. Australia,-New Zealand, South Africa and the Indian Empire all have large displays of natural and manufactured products, while Great Britain is represented by the commercial displays In the British Section and the exhibit of the Scottish National Development Council. Foreign nations have taken over the International Building this year and among those exhibiting are Finland, Czechoslovakia and , whojs represented at the Exhibition_____	'
1937: Japan:Japan:~influenced the rest of China to adopt tea for the national beverage. Sian s civilizing effect spread to Japan, with the result that the ese adopted and use Chinese characters in writing and drink tea. Many ese wear the kimono, a variation of an ancient Chinese style which has been abandoned in the country of its origin.
1937: France:Japan:~United States and  assume responsibility for safeguarding Chinese and ese interests there.
1937: Italy:Japan:~ spent f>00 million dollars to buy a lot of trouble in Ethiopia. Now  is borrowing 580 millions in her search for trouble in China. When will the nations grow up?—Toronto Star.
1937: Japan:Canada:~air, in the newspapers. Rut the poo pie of Japan are not so fortunate. They their sons, brothers, lovers go off towards China, Into the unknown. News of the war percolates hack tc  through very uncertain chan ncls, as the government is a rigid censor. We hear one story of a lady mis slonory to China who stopped off in the Land of the Rising Sun on her way homo to . The war began while she was there. The only way she could find out what was going on in China was to get in touch with her people here and ask them to send news of the war hack over the Pacific.
1937: Japan::~But if Portugal is breaking off diplomatic relations with Czechoslovakia without fighting, it must be remem. bered that China and  are staging a fair-sized war without having broken off relations. One is driven to speculate on what Czechoslovakia can have done to Portugal which does more to justify breaking diplomatic relations than an armed invasion.— London Free Press.
1937: Japan::~tween Tokio and London, was regarded as ending what might have developed into a serious international situation.  admitted guilt, voie-
1937: Helen Keller, resting in Dallas, Texas, at her brother’~s home, after n journey to Japan, is troubled about Japanese children.
1937: LONDON.—~Great Britain has informed Japan she considers the airplane machine-gunning of British Ambassador Sir Hughe Knatchbull-Hugessen a closed incident.
1937: Japan::~Fresh Ground Coffee, per po  Tea, popular blend	_ , ,
1937: Japan::~A boycott against  because her
1937: Japan::~Declaring that ho could reconcile 's present policy in “neither with the letter nor spirit of the Kellogg Briand Peace Pact," Frank B. Kellogg, co-author of the pact and former U. S. Secretary of State, said at st. Paul. Minnesota, last week, that the hope of the world for peace depends upon the faithful adherence of nations to their plighted word. The society of nations can exist only upon
1937: Japan::~Whatever timid governments may think of it, the general public in several lands is quite ready to apply sanctions to . And the public tml unmakes governments.
1937: SHANGHAI.—~Warships of Japan's third battle fleet this week-end blasted away Chinese obstructions in the channel of the Yangtse River above Shanghai opening the way for a naval bombardment of China's devastated central capital—Nanking.
1937: United States:Japan:~pened again! Deadlocked, the Nine- | imported Power Conference meeting at Brussels to settle the question of the Sino-Jap conflict, had to give up trying to mediate in toto. In the first place, they were powerless because Japan refused to have anything to do with the Conference, would consider none of its proposals. When Ambassador Norman Davis of the  made a rather non-committal speech inferring that action should be taken against , it was immediately seized upon as the opening all had been waiting for. Foreign Minister United | Anthony Eden immediately let it be
1938: WASHINGTON.—~President Roosevelt, advised by the State Department that Japan's withdrawal of Its Ambassador to China does not con stltute a severance of diplomatic relations. continued this week his “hands off" policy In the Far Eastern conflict.
1938: “~If Japan w ns this war she will dose China to all other countries except those who are able and willing to pay heavy tolls. Long before that day arrives Japan will be bankrupt and slowly sinking in her own mire but she will have dragged down China and a largo portion of the commercial world with her."
1938: Japan::~The Chinese nation bad every confidence General Chiang Kai-shek would he a bio to hold  in a death grip until the conflict could be brought to an effective conclusion. A new army of 1,500.000 men was taking form in the Interior of China. This would in all probability he augmented by units from other nations within a very short time.
1938: France:Germany:~Japan was the United States' third ranking customer, followed by   and Mexico.
1938: United States:Canada:~Canada negotiating a new trade agreement, increased its buying in the U.S. 33 per cent to $510,000,000. Japan which bought cotton and other goods there in large quantities until a few months ago, bought $288,000,000, that was $84,000,000 more than the United States bought from Japan Britain and Canada also bought a great deal more from the  than they sold. 's sales In that country totalled $399,000,000 in 1937, an Increase of six per cent over 1936.
1938: Japan::~price within (h* next few months, we Informed by an enquiring writer, Neal O'Hara, it'll be because  Is dumping raw silk stocks on the market at panic prices to raise war funds that It so desperately needs.
1938: SHANGHAI. —~ Unofficial Japanese say that a British Japanese agreement with regard to China may be reached within a week or so. According to the sources, It may be based on Japan's undertaking to recognize Britain’s dominant interests In Central and South China and Britain's recognition of Japan’s dominance in North China.
1938: Japan::~Doll Day In .
1938: Italy:Japan:~(Propaganda by Germany and  in South America has caused concern in Washington, where officials have watched It closely. German, Italian and ese Immigration and commercial interests in South America also have been under scrutiny.)
1938: usa:Japan:~Can anyone doubt the point that it would be better to spend even more money and get something In return rather than spend what is being spent today without anything being done except to proclaim to the world that thonds of people are living on direct relief and must take their living without working? The millions of dollars that have been spent to keep peo- I naval Power though she be, , in pie in idleness will remain one of the I embarking on a campaign of conquest
1938: Japan:England:~STALEMATE. , drawn further and further into Chinese territory, and spending terrific sums in an attempt to consolidate her gains, is coming to peg Free Press, declares that the two | admit that the campaign In China has large political groups in  are questioning Prime Minister Chamberlain’~s forelg.i policy, in particular, the new agreement with Italy. The centre wing Conservative sentiment, as typified by the Yorkshire Post, he says, views the settlement coldly, pointing out that while the pact may he good on the surface, it Is doubtful if It can penetrate the depths. The Post suggests that the terms of the pact are too broad and too vague, leaving so y loopholes that little can be hop-
1938: Japan:Japan:~reached a stalemate. Reverses that past couple of weeks in Southern Shantung Province, Southwestern Kiangsu have been unprecedented for the ese. The real facts of the shattering defeats they have suffered are Just now beginning to leak out. The turning-point of the war appears to be at hand, while at home the militarists who threw  into the war are facing bitter criticism and denunciation. Grave unrest is making itself felt throughout the country.
1938: Japan:Italy:~encouragement and experience which had been gained by  in Manchuria ".nd  in Abyssinia in defying the League of Nations and developing the new technique of camouflaged war.”
1938: Japan::Had (the ese militarists’~) ambitions been less grandiose, had they attempted to make Nationalist China an equal ally Instead of an anti Commun 1st pawn, they might without serious sacrifices have enormously strengthened the political and economic position of their Island empire, and established a powerful barrier against the further advance of Russian bayonets and ideas In Eastern Asia. So far from affecting this, they have first spurred the Soviet Union to improve Its own military position in the Far East and they have now given It the chance of playing the role of tertlus gaudens. They have made China their enemy for many a year; they have alarmed their German associates In the anti-Comintern Pact, whose efforts at mediation wer* dashed by the Japanese Government's manifesto refusing to deal with the Chinese Central Governmjnt; and their conduct of the military campaign —Including above all the undisciplined excesses thrt Allowed the capture of Nanking and have been reported In ( etail by trust orihy eye-witnesses— i s not contributed to improve their country’s reputation In the Enr,,f,h-.-peaking woi!d. In fact, they appear to have achieved the opposite of what they set out to do.—The Times. Lon-
1938: Canada:japan:~WHY THE DELAY: Trans- Airlines are having difficulty getting started on its first year, a complete air service across the country. They are encountering trouble particularly in establishing .the Win-nipeg-Montreal run. Reason for the delay: Planes which the company hoped soon to secure from the manufacturera are reportedly being sold The Australian Trade Minister re- tQ the e3e Government who are
1938: Spain:Japan:~pire and he dreams visions of the glory of ancient Rome.  will soon be a complete Fascist State. All that is lacking now is a ese victory in China. That would be the signal for real action by the dictators. Fortunately, China by her own determined efforts has prevented the fulfilment of that aim so far. Far from being crushed and beaten, China’s spirit burns more luminously than ever. Her will to win remains as strong as it ever was and she will maintain the resistance and make any further sacrifice required by her. In return China asks, and the democracies must give her, every assistance to continue the struggle until victory has been achieved. The defeat of China is the surest way to put the clock back fifty years and to ensure the visitation on humanity of the gréa est horrors it has endured since the dawn of time.—Hong Kong Pi ess.
1938: Yielding to the pressure of the war barons who are behind the Government’~s every move, Japan has sadly relinquished her invitation for the 1940 Olympic Games to be held in the Land of the Rising Sun. She needs the cash badly to carry on the war in China and can’t afford to use materials, particularly steel and concrete, in Olympic plant construction which are necessary to the war machine.
1938: Japan:Japan:~The Japanese public is bitterly disappointed, observers say, as they feel that  has not only lost face abroad, but even very much more within . When the Olympiad was awarded • to Tokyo in 1936, there was the greatest rejoicing through the nation, because it was considered a foreign admission of Japan’s athletic equality with other nations.
1938: Japan::~The Sino-Jap conflict in the Far East (war is still undeclared) enters its second year..... is
1938: Rut in spite of their troubles at home, the Rome, Berlin, Tokio governments work well together towards their common objective—~ a place for each in the sun. If H it 1er is planning a coup on Czechoslovakia, Mussolini stages an extra-big ruckus in Spain, Japan creates a tense situation in the cast by accusing Russia of invading Japanese-held Manchukuo.......
1938: Japan::~Bicycles are being sold in Tokyo, , at $3 each.
1938: Japan::~Following the announcement of additional restrictions on consumption of goods and the extension of price control, business in  is steadily decreasing.
1938: t The groom was supported by A talk on the study book Mr. Harry Brownlee, was given by Mrs. C H. MacLean, After the ceremony the young an instrumental number by Mi-, couple returned to the bride's H. U. Roxvat, a solo “~My Task home where a bullet luncheon xva-j by Mrs. Gordon Newman, of Y arm. served. Immediately afterward-Mrs Newman also gave a talk of Mr. and Mrs. Brownlee left by the work in Japan, where she was train for Northern Ontario where a missionary for a number of years they will vi-it at South Porcupine, An interesting part of the meet- Timmins and other points, ing was the presentation of-a life The bride travelled membership to Mr- Macartney for sheer crepe gown in midnight blue the society by Mrs. McKinley, with hat ami matching wool coat, and another by Mrs Hayes of a On their return they will reside at set of cups and saucers from the Radford.
1938: Japan:Japan:~WHAT JAPAN HOLDS: The present undeclared war in China up to this week has lasted 500 days. Some 200,000,000 of the 400,000,000 Chinese people have passed under nominal Japanese control. All the greatest Chinese cities are now in ese hands.  holds seven of the principal gateways to China, Is attempting to profit from the trade which still flows through these gates.
1939: Germany:: now leads the worlJ in the number of bicycle ownei »~, there being 16,000,000, while Britain has 10,000,000, France 7,500,000, Japan 6,000,000, and Italy 4,000,000.	W
1939: Japan::~Nagayo Motoori, a composer of , urges a boycott of foreign music.
1939: Italy:Japan:~Germany, Russia,  and  Hull M L. A Attacks	received.	which Injure farm crops,
1939: Japan:United States:~China is building a new nation In the comparatively undeveloped interior beyond immediate reach of ese forces, utilizing credits extended her fljr Great Britain and the .
1939: JAPAN::~SERVICES OF  AND THE UN/TED
1939: Japan:Japan:~Japanese activity In China has increased the number of newsreels screened in , many of them showing the military exploits of the ese.
1939: Archbishop Roper, of the Anglican Diocese of Ottawa, is among the distinguished clergy present, others being Rev K. C. Evans, of Trinity College. Toronto ; Rev. (*. B. Jones, of Bishop’~s University, Lennoxville, and Rev. Petcival Bowles, of Japan.
1939: Korea:Japan:~The institute also reported prospects for large crops in Soviet Russia, , Palestine, , the Near East and a 40 per cent increase in the French zone of North Africa.
1939: JAPAN::’~S BIG DRIVE: Military >bservers at Chungking, China, are convinced that Japan is planning a large-scale offensive in China during October. They believe that ‘‘a final attempt to subjugate China'" will be undertaken with confidence at that time by the Japanese because of the fact that the European powers which for-” merly provided assistance bo China would no longer be able to do so because of the European war. A grand concerted offensive on a scale not hitherto attempted is expected.
1939: Japan::~The European market was opened less than two years ago to Canadian beans when , the principal producer, became Involved in the Chinese war and had to relax Its hold on the mart. Since that time the Ontario crop enjoyed competitive success and prospects indicated that this year would have proven very favorable.
1939: Japan:Japan:~The a fashion of footwear with lightweight soles three inches thick to keep the feet off the hot sands. A new vogue in the West, it is centuries old in . The geta. as 's stilted clog is called, dates back to the Eghth century in literature. but first achieved widespread popularity in the Toku-tfmt Rawa period, which began in the Seventeenth century.
1940: Russia:Japan:~The War at the end of 3U3U n au not one war, but three: between the Allies and Germany; between  and Finland; between  and China Far Eastern.
1940: “deal”~ between Soviet Russia and Japan,	which,	should it go through, would	permit the Soviet to divert vital
1940: Germany:Japan:~supplies, now poured into China, in the direction of . It would also permit the Soviet to give its full attention to the conquest of Finland and it would force Great Britain to take more extensive measures for the defence of her Indian empire, which	could	be	reached through China,	either by the ese or the
1940: Japan:United States:~the ese which they might seize whenever the  and Britain were in a position of being unable to stop them.
1940: Japan:Japan:~FAR EAST: Indications that  might shortly take an active part in general world-wide hostilities were becoming more plentiful. At Canton, the ese military spokesman warned French Indo-China bluntly that if its shipments of arms and supplies to the Chinese Government did not cease, and if Indo-China refused to “reconsider herself," the Japanese Army “~must undertake to wean Indo-China away from hostility toward Japan." Again, a flowery cable from Japan’s military heads, sent to Premier Mussolini, wished him overwhelming success in his European ventures. The Netherlands Indies meantime had not been forgotten by
1940: If, aa a result of the cutting off of the Burma lifeline, the Chinese government ie forced to conclude a •~ peace with Japan, It Will mean that In abort order Japan will find her banda free to seize French Indochina and the Dutch East Indies.
1940: able destruction, a fateful, préclpî~- I 1. Its failure to satisfy expansion-tous step toward final overthrow, I lets who have been demanding that will be measured- not by years or [ Japan take full advantage of the weeks, of which Churchill spoke, "golden" situation created bÿ~ the tut by days or hours."	fall of France and Holland, both
1940: Japan::~noun cements (kmd formally acceded to  s Squeet to close the Burma road lifeline of the central Chinese gov-eg»ment; ' that a bljl dispensing wttQ trial by jury and the right of appeal In wartime Britain was being pushed by the Home Secretary; that the government scheme to ovacua-te children to JLbe. Western hemisphere had been postponed.
1940: Japan:Japan:~The undeclared war between  and China entered its third year during the week. In commemoration of its outbreak, General Chiang Kai-Shek delivered a message to the Chinese people which reaffirmed his determination to carry on the fight against  until “all Chinese soil has been freed of the invader." Four days later Japanese bombers again attacked the Chinese capital Chungking with resulting inestimable loss of lif at least 25,000 persons were rendered homeless as incendiary bombs started uncontrolled fires in a large section of the city, dye bath that will contain enough liquid to cover the garment completely without crowding. Stir with a glass curtain rod. Follow the directions on the dye package implicitly. Rinse in clear water until no trace of color is
1940: Russia:Japan:~These developments gave an impetus to movements in both Great Britain and the United States working for union of the two great powers. Many prophets envisioned a coming world in which five mammoth groups of countries (English, German, n, ese, Italian) would struggle amongst themselves for trade, combine and re-combine against one another to keep a balance of power.
1940: Japan:Japan:~The crisis in the Far Bast grew more acute. Japan had demanded troop transit across French Indochina to enable her to strike at China along General Kai-Sheks southern border, and a naval base at Haiphong, strategic port on the Gulf of Tonkin. The Vichy Government of Marshal Retain had agreed in principle to the demands, but China had declared that if they were granted, Chiang's troops would counter-invade Indo-China. The British and U. S. Governments had issued diplomatic warnings . . Would  gain her ends peaceably or would there be new war in the east? "Time" (Sept. 16) said: "The end toward which the -Army had worked since 1937 was at hand: a direct challenge to the western powers to fight or pull their stakes out of the Far East . . . Few doubted that war definitely in the saddle and
1940: Russia:Japan:~To sdfe-guard their own rear, the Japanese last week were making special efforts to reach an understanding with Soviet . Declared the newspaper Kokumin (often a spokesman for the ese army): ‘~The United States preparedness program is directed against Japan. We are the potential enemy they have in mind, not Germany. The leasing of British territories in the Atlantic for naval bases will be followed by similar moves in the Pacific. Relations between Japan and the United States are now fraught with the danger
1940: Japan:United States:~Japan's reaction to growing Bri-tlsh-American solidarity In the Far East Indicated that the Japanese felt they had lost the Initiative In the Pacific, at least for the time being, and would delay any plans they might have had for early action in the Netherlands East Indies and elsewhere In Southeast Asia. At the same time, German agents all over the Bast were reported to be working to foment an open cash between  and Britain and the  . . . and the Burma Road, China’s lifeline, Just re-opened by Britain, was bombed repeatedly. . .
1940: Canada:Japan:~Wherefore prompt action at Ottawa seems to be demanded. It would be the height of foolishness tor  to continue to feed  with material which might be used against her.
1940: Japan::~After forty months of war in China,  was reported to bo seeking direct peace negotiations with General Chiang Kai-shek, head of the Chinese Government and army. But Chinese army spokesmen, when questioned, sa'd that China, far from contemplating peace, was preparing for three more years of war if necessary
1940: Canada:Japan:~If  can cut off exports of copper to , she ought also be able to do something about reducing that country's imports of other metals from the Dominion, including the 4,000 tons of lead that are going forward from a smelter at Trail, B.C.
1940: Japan:Germany:~So, King Boris of Bulgaria was bidden last week to Berlin ; Foreign Minister Suner of Spain to Salzburg; the chief Ministers of Hungary rushed to Vienna there to meet with Ribbcntrop and Ciano and the ese Ambassador to , and sign a new treaty of partnership with the totalitarian powers. Only Yugoslavia seemed to have been left out of the Axis’ current conference diplmacy, but that Balkan kingdom was swiftly being outflanked, militarily, and from an economic point of view was already within the (jerman-ltal-ian orbit.
1940: Japan:Japan:~Emperor Hirohito of  shown delivering his message to Minister Gen. Tojo following the military review held on the Yogoki rade grounds in Tokyo to mark the 2,60(>th anniversary of the found-of the ese empire. The emperor’s aide-de-camp, Gen. Ban Hueanuma, is directly behind hi» majesty.
1941: United States:Japan:~military officials in Tokyo last week reflected "the increasing delicacy of --relations”~ ... Jap newspap-exhorted the government to be ready for resolute action to offset British and American influence in East Asia, accused Great Britain and the U.S. of instigating the current border war between French Indo-Chma and Thailand (Indo-China is viewed as the keystone of Japan s “southward program”) ...
1941: Japan::But ’~s biggest warning to the western world came from the lips of Foreign Minister Mat-suoka who called upon the United States to revise her attitude toward Japan’~s ambitions in Greater East Asia. A modified American attitude was essential, he cautioned, "both for tH* sake of peace in the Pacific and the sake of peace in the world in general. Should the United States become involved in the European war, he continued, and "should Japan, too, be compelled to participate, the resulting conflict might spell “the downfall of civilization.
1941: Japan:Russia:~tion came anesc Foreign mended doser tween  and , and was
1941: Japan:United States:~Authoritative informants In the United States said last week that Japan was Just testing how tar she could go, rlbble by nibble. They believed that  did not want war with the , but that in the event of her attacking Singapore, the American fleet would be sure to go Into action, and she would get It, ary way.
1941: Japan::~The Far Eastern situation worsened appreciably last week. The organ of the Soviet navy, Red Fleet declared the state of affairs in the Pacific was growing more tense day by day and that a conflict might be precipitated "at any moment" The paper reported that  was moving to the south, massing heavy naval concentrations around Salg on (French Indo-China), within easy striking distance of Singapore and the Netherlands East Indies. "The Anglo-American bloc," it continued, "la equally active, with the British busily placing Singapore on a war footing while the British, American and Australians are reported working out concrete defence measures for the South Pacific.”
1941: United States:Japan:~Hitler might be using Japan to create a diversion in the Far East of sufficient magnitude to preoccupy the . But more plausible was the explanation that  was seizing what appeared to be a golden opportunity to achieve her own purpose—domination of Eastern Asia.
1941: Japan:Japan:~The Far Eastern picture In more detail: Britain mined the Strait of Singapore to block the main sea routes to Japan, Thailand, China and Indo-China . . , the United States renewed Its request to Americans In China, French IndoChina and  to go home . . . the Chinese reported  had stationed six divisions In Canton, Hainan Island, French Indo-China and Spratly Islands, four divisions
1941: France:Japan:~fere with Japanese operations In the Southern Pacific, which is a matter which concerns only the Netherlands, the United States, Britain and , who would seem well able to take care of their interests so long as China hangs on to 's coattails/’
1941: Pravda, the Communist Party organ in Moscow: “~The neutrality pact and declaration are documents of vast political significance, since they constitute an important step for the improvement of relations between the U. S. S. R. and Japan, •whose governments are guided in this case by a 'desire to strengthen peaceful and friendly relations between the two countries/ The declaration puts an end to all petty frontier conflicts between the two.”
1941: Dorothy Thompson, columnist: “~The pact is a definite gain for Russia, for it means that Japan bows out of the Axis as far as Russia is concerned. It is, therefore, it would seem, a loss for Germany, which has every interest in keeping Russia weak and occupied elsewhere than in the Middle East . . . The best-informed people all seem certain that the Soviet Union will not enter the war against Germany unless she is attacked, but official pronouncements from Moscow do indicate that she is preparing to give what aid she can to Turkey, the last non-violated nation in the Balkans. Naturally, Russia wants to be sure that, if she becomes engaged in war in the west, Japau will not attack her 'in the east. The pact assures her of just this.”
1941: Nichi Nichi, Tokyo: “~The conclusion of the new neutrality pact allows Japan to avoid two-front operations, that is, fighting both the United States and the Soviet Union, in case of a positive advance of her southward policy and a criais In the Pacific.”
1941: U. S. Secretary of State Cordell Hull made a formal statement with regard to the pact declaring: “~The significance of the pact between the Soviet Union and Japan relating to neutrality could be overestimated . . . The policy of this government, of course remains unchanged.”
1941: Russia:Japan:~Sir Robert Clive, the eminent Britisher who has been Ambassador at Tokyo and Brussels and minister to the Vatican and Persia, and is now travelling on this continent, very recently expressed the view that to a diplomat  and  appeared to hold the key to the future of the world. He predicted the early signing of an aocord between the two countries.
1941: Germany:Russia:~Subsequent events dramatically bore out his prediction. Last week a Soviet-Japanese neutrality pact was signed, ending 24 years of strained Far Eastern relations aud giving the western nations a new poser to puzzle over. Most observers agreed that the pact rivalled in world importance the non-aggression accord in 1939 between  and  and that it would powerfully affect the course of the war, on every front.
1941: Toronto Globe and Mail: “~The net result of the pact on the European situation is that Russia can now poke a gun in Germany’~s ribs without fear of Japan. In the East the situation does not seem to be altered. Japan’~s most dogged enemy is China, which received aid from the United States, from Britain and from Russia. There to nothing in the new pact which prohibits Russia from continuing her aid to China. There was never any suggestion that Russia might Inter-
1941: Japan::~The question of peace with China had by last week become a paramount i-ssue in . The Tokyo government had been actively considering the position of recent months, and the press had become increasingly .Insistent that the "China incident*' he settled quick-
1941: Back of these moves several factors operated. One, the country is in dire straits economically; an-otiier, Tokyo desires to he free to deal with any situation growing out of the fast moving European war —~ Japan is greatly worried for fear America will enter the conflict; then the Japanese want to be in a position to grab rich pickings in the Dutch East Indies should the opportunity be afford-
1941: Japan:Japan:~(Pravda, the Moscow newspaper, last week circulated a dispatch under a New York dateline quoting "reliable Japanase circles" there that Japan had asked the U. S. to mediate in the Far Eastern situation. The dispatch said Japan had offered to withdraw troops from the Chinese interior if the U. S. recognized 's dominant position in China.  would refrain from hostilities in the South Seas, it said, in return for economic concessions and possibly an American loan).
1941: Behind a barbed wire fence, “somewhere in the Dutch _East Indies,”~ j row of drums of gasoline, coveted by Japan, ility, East Indian Dutch have augmented defe
1941: Japan::~A Chinese foreign office spokesman last week said that Premier Konoye of  had formed a “water bird cabinet”—which is a Japanese phrase meaning a calm surface concealing great activity underneath.
1941: Japan:Japan:~Recent events in Japan indicated that the national leaders were feeling that the time had come to drive the white man out of the Orient Britain, the U. S. and the Netherlands had made it plain that they would not be driven out. Their first move to render  helpless would be a blockade of the sea entrances from the Indian Ocean into the Pacific. It was not thought likely that  could break this blockade. The Battle of the Pacific would be on in earnest.
1941: Japan::~Hegemony over the Dutch East Indies would also give  control of the Burma Road, the great artery of war supplies to China.
1941: Japan:Germany:~A drive into Siberia was also viewed as probable. But the Russians were known to be very strong in the Far East and Japan's tinder cities would be comparatively easy targets for Soviet incendiary bombs.  might find herself, like , with a war on two fronts. She has to use more than a million troops in China to hold the cities, railways and roads which her mechanized divisions overran so easily four years
1941: Japan::~If  could be rendered helpless, concentration of U. S. naval and other units would be released to aid Britain in the Battle of the Atlantic.
1941: Japan::Hong Kong and Singapore lie across ’~s path to victory and she would have to be desperate to face their strength. Three years ago a noted British strategist said the great commercial centre of Hong Kong would fall within less than a week If Japan attacked It. That Isn’t true today.
1941: Japan:: is Warned It is in the Far East that the meeting Is expected to have immediate and profound "aperç~ussions. If Japan should start a war in the South Pacific it Is predicted that the Soviet Union would open up the northern front with Siberian Red army of 1,000,000 men. Japan might then find It wise to abandon her p—reaslve, expansionist ambitions since the recent agreement is a clear warning that the two greatest democracies
1941: Japan::’~s Attitude Less Peaceful United States Looks For Trouble
1941: Russia:Japan:~Interest, apart from 's magnificent defense of Moscow, Is now centred on the political upheaval in  and the attack on the United Statae destroyer Kearny by a German submarine.
1941: Japan:Japan:~Germany's advance on Moscow has no doubt called forth warlike developments In . Prince Konoye and his more or less peace-wishing cabinet have resigned. The warrior, General Eikl Tojo and a predominately militarist cabinet, aie now in power. The A ret public announcement of the new premier stated that the ese are facing a crucial hour and that they must be prepared to sacrifice everything In order to surmount It. He called for “~iron Bnity between all the fighting arms and the people to cope with the encirclement <xf Japan by foreign powers.’ It le threatening lang-mage and makes the situation ominous.
1941: Japan:Japan:~If the American Pacific fleet were added to that naval wall between  and fundamental warmaking resources, the ese Navy, whatever Its “Itch" for war, would find a fearful barrier. It might be not necessary at first to do much more than join our fleet to America’~s on those seas, even If Japan should strike northward at Siberia in order to assure that the Japanese would soon run out of materials. With American oil and other exports also barred, Japan would be placed In the dilemma either of expanding Its military activity without long-term stocks, or giving battle to the American and British fleets In the far Pacific.
1941: Japan:Germany:~This le and always has been the broadest base on which Is founded the hope that  will never go beyond the bluffing stage and never join  In the two-ocean squeeze play whdh represents the dhlef danger to peace in the Pacific. Those who do not find it a satisfactory base, however, have these arguments:
1941: Russia:United States:~The Japanese claim to have a one-year supply (though much Is low-test) of gasoline and fuel oil. Their navy is excellent and has confidence that Germany and Italy can prevent a Brltlsh-Amerlcan concentration of strength sufficient to hold the far Pacific. The army Is arrogant and powerful In government; the Japanese people are desperate for the fruits of expansion and fatalistic. A sudden campaign of interference with American ships carrying supplies through the Pacific to  may force the  to attack instead of merely blocking access to the south.
1941: * relaxation of the é~conomie pressures which were Imposed on Japan a few months ago. There appeared to be, however, mo Inclination on the part of Japan So give up any part of her “expansionist" program.
1941: Japan:Japan:~It Is stated In Tokyo that the government will continue the negotiations with Washington. At Hie same time, General Tojo said frankly that  maintains and will develops her membership \n the Axis group. Has  at last slipped off the fence and Joined our enemies In all but the last step toward war?
1941: Japan:United States:~It Is possible that Hitler Is pushing  into a N hooting" war wjth the  to divert American naval strength from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
1941: Japan::~Where Will  Strike?
1941: Japan::~Is  in a position to risk an
1941: Japan:United States:~In addition to the damages which have been wrought by four years of the Chinese war, by the flnan clal condition of Japan and by the geographical position which places It thousands of miles from its Axis allies, Japan must Import most of the essentials of war-making. From the Netherlands Indies and the United States must be brought the oil that operates the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, and the fishing fleet which provides much of the food of . From the  other materials are needed for protracted military action. And
1942: Japan::~William S. knudseii said that the production goal for giant -four-motored bombers has been increased from 500 a month to 1,000 an announcement that underscored the opinion of defence officials that the Pacific war must be won by bombing .
1942: Japan:Japan:~eventually traveled the Burma Road. The city long stood ae a symbol of British prestige in the us ro.e In an Anglo--eae wa>* waa seen as a potential menace to Nipponese sea lines; Its prolonged defense would mean a diversion of ese strength from ouier more vital aectom Last week—It¦ second of riege— the Empire garrison ca Hong Kong was hard pressed. A Japanese land and-alr assault captured Kowloon the city’s mainland section. A landing was effected on Hong Kong Island Itself and quickly the Invaders rolled back the thin lines of the defenders. In London U Empire strategist» had long ago '‘written off" aa Inevitable the tosa
1942: Japan::~Everywhere In the Pacific  la on the offensive. Hong Kong la being mercilessly pounded, the Philippines Increasingly harried, Singapore threatened by an overland drive from Malaya and Pearl Harbor preparing for further conflict.
1942: Japan::~The spirit of Chungking Is rep-resentatlre of the will of the Chinese people to break the spfrtt of .
1942: Japan:Japan:~The only land approach to Sings pore runs down the Malay Peninsula. From Its beginning qt the top of the Gulf of Siam to Its end above Singapore, the peninsula of Thailand, in the first days of the Pacific conflict, opened the way lor an unopposed  more than half way down the narrow approach to the British Malayan frontier, some 360 miles north of Singapore. The sinking of the Royal Navy's capital ships, Prince of Wales and Repulse, gave the ese control of Malayan waters. With these advantages, plus numerical superiority, the soldiers of the Rising Sun battled their way forward last week again st the stiff opposition of British Empire troops.
1942: Japan::~In the first phase of the war Nipponese blows were chiefly aimed at Manila. Last week a 4^nd offensive was attempted. Tokyo as sorted that troops were landed on beach-heads north of the capital and later far to the south on the Inland of Mindanao. A hold on this island would provide  with valuable bases for raids on Manila.
1942: Japan:Japan:~Hong Kong Siege A century-old outpost of empire, the Island of Hong Koqy (thirty-two square miles) Is perched on the South China coast, overlooks the long supply route between 's main Islands and the Malay Peninsula. More than a year ago Hong Kong's link with the Chin e hinterland was severed by ese troops; still it served as a clearing house where Free China ordered the American goods that
1942: Japan::~to , and how far away from British Columbia coastl1 —Stratford Beacon-Herald.
1942: Japan::~A junior meteorologist in the California Weather Bureau discovered Maria, a more or less harmless low-pressure area, southeast of Yokohama, . Crossing the Pacific, Maria reached California in all the fury of a tempestuous blizzard and downpour of rain, bringing destruction, damage and death. But Maria, as is the way of human nature, was not all bad for her rains brought moisture to the parched lands of California and saved millions of dollars in crops.
1942: Holland:Japan:~We muet not overlook a ad strength which to alee on aide in the Pacifie and which been Inflicting damage am the enemy in a manner father te he expected from the deecendaate ef those who once ruled the 's total fleet, whom the country was overrun in 1940, ounted to 120 v categories, from battle cruisers to mine-layers and patrol boa ta. Practically this entire fores got fl-om the Nasls, but since then 14 ship# have been sunk. As of last September, 89 Dutch naval units were operating to European waters, so that we ere conservative in stating that more than 60 ships are now in The Netherlands East Indies service And how are they doing? Well, the toll so far to half a dosen troopships laden with  soldiers, a blow to enemy land strength, never mind the ships, which could equal in ultimate strategical and tactical value as many battleships.
1942: Japan:Japan:~that  will be sent to the front north of Malaya where a comparatively snail ese amy ia advancing toward the vita, port of Rangoon, It is on the docks at Rangoon that .applies are unloaded for Free The genearl outlook ia
1942: France::~But the fall of  gave New Caledonia a strategic importance. It is rich in vital war minerals—~nickel, chrome and iron. Japan is eyeing the island, well aware of its proximity to Australia—only five hours flying time.
1942: The first phase of the Fur Eastern conflict ended with the fall of Java, the “citadel island,”~ of the East Indies. In estimating Japan's gains, the population in the conquered countries numbers roughly 116,000,000 and the territory acquired more than 1,000,000 square miles. They have captured a treasure-house of essential war supplies and raw materials: rubber, tin, quinine, hemp, oilfields, foodstuffs, iron, wolfram, manganese and copper deposits which will go a long way toward making Japan self-sufficient The subjugation of Java has released Japanese forces for an attack on Australia and a heavier thrust across the Burma barrier to India.
1942: Japan::~It needs to realise that there Is grave chance of the  lug through India and the Germans driving through the Near East to join their arm lee and resources In am almost unbeatable combination.
1942: Japan::~last bastion between the went coast of America and the -if Australia goes the Americas are wide open.” Almost co* cident with Premier Curtin’s appeal came the announcement that General Douglas Mac Arthur, the heroic defender of the Philippine* had been appointed to the ha-Command of the Allied
1942: Japan:United States:~The ese plan may be te conquer the country port by port, occupying strategic points and leaving the vast interior to the future. Distance in Australia ie enormous. The country is almost the size of the .
1942: Japan::~Thus far, in their unchecked march of conquest, the  have invaded countries with overwhelming Asiatic populations which for centuries have been dominated by Europeans. It proved in Malaya and Burma that these natives were in great m sure sympathetic to the invader. Australia is different, white man’s land with no subject races. The Japanese will have te fight a white man's army, fighting for a white man's country Ie the last ditch. Thf Japs won't like it.
1942: Japan:Japan:~mere imitators of Hitler's treachery Is to flatter Hitler and libel Japan. The ese didn't have te imitate anyone. They were m tare of betrayal when Hitler was painting barns. We owe the ese an apology.
1942: United States:Japan:~. The Japanese were able to buy American airplane motors and tools for nine years after they had shown themselves aggressors by the invasion of Manchuria in 1931. Not until October, 1940, did the  stop the export of aircraft parts to , Meanwhile, some Americans suffered considerable twinges of
1942: We’ve heard from a naval officer who got promoted recently, which necessitated a re shuffling of his insignia. When his stars were removed, he found, on the back of each, a label reading “~Made in Japan". - He sent one to us, for evidence. You can come and look at it, but we wouldn’t part with it for anything.—New Yorker.
1942: Japan::~Raids by American bombers on snsmy-held bases in the Philippines and on four great cities In  would appear to be a sign of a gathering Allied aerial offensive in the Far Eaet.
1942: Japan::A little more than four months after ’~s treacherous attack on Pearl Harbor the forces of the United States earned the war to the heart of Japan in an air assault on her major cities. The extent of the damage has not yet been disclosed by the United Nations but public alarm in Japan appealed to be widespread. The Japanese dread a visitation of high explosives and incendiary bombs over their match-box cities of flimsy, wood-snd-paper homes.
1942: Japan::~The four cities attacked were: Tokyo, capital of , the world’s third largest city and a great industrial centre ; Yokohama, the seaport of Tokyo, a great naval base and home ef Japan’~s largest motor ear factory now producing war vehicles; Kobe, naval and shipbuilding centre ; Nagaya, third largest eity in Japan, which is the ehief centre for the manufacture of military aircraft.
1942: Japan:Japan:~Another vitally important factor is that the ese have not had the opportuntiies to blueprints of this island continent that have been theirs in the srrial-lsr islands of the Pacific, including Hawaii and Singapore. 's fishing boats have been eluded from Australia’s waters. There can be little doubt that much of Japan’~s success thus far has been depehdent upon intimate knowledge of the terrain. Moreover, as Hitler found to be the in Russia, there are no fifth columnists in Australia.
1942: Japan::~Tho conquest of Southeastern Asia has put  in position to play a gigantic pressure game against the rice-eating part 01* the world, which embraces about forty per cent of all mankind, say food experts.
1942: Japan::~Vp to now, the rice-deficient countries, principally India and Ceylon, have depended largely upon Burma, Thailand and French Indo-China for additional supplies. Now Burma, Thailand and French Indo-China are dominated by .
1942: Japan::~Asama-Yaraa, the largest active i in , about 100 miles ok of Tokio, erupted with
1942: Japan::~The broadcast, quoting dispatches from , said the erup tion was the worst in many years and the German-controlled Brussels radio characterised it as “a
1942: Japan:usa:~Asama-Yama, regarded as the most treacherous volcano in , has a long history of eruptions, the worst of which occurred in 1783, lasting 88 days and killing thonds.
1942: Japan::~The report that the  have been using elephants for some of their transport has stirred the memories of old military men, who, says The Edinburgh Scots-I man, recall the days when readers of Kipling know—some of the heavy guns in India were elephant-drawn. There is a legend that this came to an end after a famous march-past, when, as 24 gun-elephants approached the aal-uting-point where stood the Viceroy, they trumpeted in salut and thereby scattered cavalry, with mounted officers of all ranks, for miles over the countryside. Horses strongly object to the •cent of the elephant, but his trumpeting just sends them mad.
1942: Germany:Japan:~Lporiert of agati and gl marbles which come from  and , have not brought In stocks for more than a year and with the stocks exhausted Junior will have to get along on last year’s winnings oaHy, dealers said, the number of marbles in circulation should remain more or less consistent— merely changing hands like racetrack money.
1942: Russia:Japan:~That is the big question in I Washington and London when the I risks are calculated. Clearly, the longer British-American air power I la built up and the farther East I the Nazis are drawn, the smaller I are the risks in the West. We I trust equal attention Is being giv- I en to the risks of waiting too long. I To realize how important it is to I keep the n front alive, one I only needs to try to estimate the I situation with that 2,000-mile sap- I per of Nazi strength immobilized. I That danger might come quickly. I Military experts are agreed that I  Is only waiting for the I most favorable moment to give I Moscow a second front.	I
1942: United States:Russia:~In the war of 1914-18 the Central Powers fought inside a circle. They still do so, though they have pushed back the circumference. In this war there Is a huger circle. Inside of which are the great land masses of IIueala, China and India, containing more than a billion human beings. Rommel In Egypt, the whole Nail Army on the Rue-sian front, the Japaneee in the Aleutian Islands and all the way down the coast and through the islands to New Guinea, are battering at this enormous fortification. The rest of the war, no matter how widespread, is an attempt to lift the siege. The armies of the British Commonwealth and of the  may be thought of as relieving forces. When and if the ns and the Chinese are strong enough to make permanent r©occupations of lost territory these advances will be sorties In force.
1942: oruisers, two destroyers and one transport damaged.”~- We may be reasonably certain of two other facts. First, the Japanese claims of destruction inflicted on fleet are fantastically false. They announced that twenty-eight of our ships had been sunk or put out of action. If we had suffered even half this loss would have ended then and there in an Allied disaster. Second, it le unlikely that we would risk an attack jeopardising the whole balance of naval power in the Pacific. This action linked with the bombardment of Kiska, can only be one phase of our Pacific strategy. We Will hardly give back to Japan the fruits of our great defensive victories in the Coral Sea and at Midway. Indeed, the present offensive is based upon those victories. Japan has been so hard hit, particularly by bar losses In plane earners, that the initiative rests for the first time in our hands. The long deadlock is broken, and by us.
1942: Japan:Canada:~ed an average pounds of tea annually from Ceylon, India, the Netherlands East Indies, China, Formosa and . At present ’s only sources of supply are Ceylon and India, which in normal times provided 70 per cent, of the world’s tea— and both of these countries now are in war zones. .
1942: Japan:usa:~British blood also flows in the veins of many Chinese soldiers, wounded in fight against  the Chinese the blood gifts from Britain are sent thonds of miles by air and sea and pass through all kinds of temperature* Yet the plasma remains perfect.
1942: Japan:Japan:~Rice, a great deal too much of It, offers the "makings ' of a new economic headache to , as a result of the conquest of the world's principal rice producing areas In Indo-Chlna, Burma and Thailand, Science Service points out. These countries together grow nine billion pounds of rice a year; the Import requirements of all the lands now under ese domination are less than four billion. What to do with the reel of It?
1942: Japan::~Tlie British consider themselves amply repaid by the damage these guns will inflict on the Germans and -the hands of our soldiers.”
1942: Japan:Japan:~Burma ki a case In point for those Indians who look to Japan for deliverance from the British Empire now. A Joint Japanese and Burmese administration under l)r. Ba Maw, Burma's first prime minister under the 1937 constitution, has been set up. The government 1s purely an administrative body. Policy to determined solely by the Japanese military administration. Finance an Defense portfolios are held by the ese. The Burma Parliament, of course, stands dissolved. and supreme powei over the Government specifically le conferred on ese Commander-In-Chief Jlda.
1942: Germany:Japan:~It will be noted that the Admiralty figure is more than double the submarine fleet possessed vy Italy and  at the beginning of the war. But It does not separate submarines definitely sunk and those merely damaged. Nor is It clear whether the figure Includes ese losses. Never-
1942: Italy:Japan:~Before the war  wai second only to  In the buying of scrap Iron and steel.
1942: Japan::~W. G. Poy, one of the defend-of Hong Kong when it was attacked by  last December, told a service club in Ottawa the colony was without air and naval support for its land forces when the assault was launched.
1942: “At the time Hong Kong was placed under attack, it had but five training planes and no naval support,’~* he said, y Japanese aircraft raided Hong Kong December 8, dropping bombs and pamphlets asking the Chinese people to help Japan free the colony from British imperialism. Japanese troops appeared the next day. and December 11 and 12 the defending forces retie ted to the island under incessant shelling and bombing.
1943: Japan::~The Japs in British Columbia had about 1,500 fishing s hips when  declared war, states the Simeon Reformer. They were promptly relieved of these and sent inland, people made an outcry saying that this would mean a much smaller catch at a time when canned salmon was an important war food. They have had their mouths closed by a report that shows that 597,242 cases of sockeye alone have been canned on the Pacific Coast this year. There has been no such pack as this for nearly 30 years. It sould teach us that we can get along very well in our industries without Japs—and without other foreigners, for that matter. Our own young n er are quite capable of taking up all jobs that offer, and there will be plenty of them looking for jobs when this war is We still believe that as
1943: Japan::~Major Earthquakes Shook  In 1923, 1933 — What About 1943?
1943: Japan::~If the law of probability means what statisticians think it does,  may experience a severe earthquake within the next year or so, said Fordham University’s seismological authority. Rev. J; 8. Lynch. S.J., in a recent General Electric Forum.
1943: Japan:Japan:~The last major ese earthquake occurred in 1933 and exacted a toll of 3.000 lives. A predecessor, strangely enough, shook  in 1923. Will the next be in 1943?
1943: Japan:Japan:~In 1891 the main island of  was practically broken In two. Cracks were observed clear across the island from the Sea of  on the left to the Pacific Ocean on the right. About 8,000 lives were lost.
1943: “The third big quake of 1927— the Tango earthquake—occurred on the main island some 100 miles south of the 1891 quake,” said Father Lynch. “~It caused horizontal slips amounting to eight feet and extending 50 miles in from the Sea of Japan.” Because the region was not densely populated only 3,000 lives were lost.
1943: Japan::~Formosa (Taiwan), the munitions storehouse of , has a belt of quakes cutting across the middle of the Island. In this belt some
1943: New Guinea se*’~toi General Sir Thomas Blarney added to this report a warning that Japan had 200,000 men In the Islands north of Australia, and with new air strength was "attempting to obtain control of the air preparatory to taking the Initiative."
1943: Japan:United States:~There is considerable strength to the argument advanced by Australian statesmen that Japan is preparing an Invasion of Australia "with all the savagery of which the ese mind Is capa For the same reason, not only for the sake of Australia but also for the sake of the  and all the United Nations. Australia must be held at all cost. For with I he loss of Australia would go the loss of the war in the Pacific. There is a difference of opinion regarding whether
1943: Japan::~The global military situation remains unchanged. However much we might wish to heat Hitler and  simultaneously, It Is still an axiom of strategy tliât victory depends on concentration and that the dispersal of one’~s forces spells defeat. Hitler Is still our Enemy No. 1. It Is therefore necessary to concentrate all our available forces against him. We must detach enough forces from that task to hold Japan till we can concentrate on her. Hut we can do no more. For every man and gun and plane diverted from our first and foremost task will make It that much more difficult.
1943: Japan::~Writer Says  Using Opium to Poison Enemies
1943: The income derived from its sale rivals even the revenues of great Community Hospital will be held at steel and oil trusts. The world’~s Shiwville, Theatre on Friday afternoon, largest producers of opium are Iran May 14th, at two o'clock. A good at. and China. Japan is in China today, tendance of members and those inter-And says Gayn, the entire Japanese- ested is requested invaded territory in China probably	0. A. McDOlGALL,
1943: Japan::The war has somewhat cut short ’~s poison plot against the United States, where the narcotics division of the United States treasury has been active in Uie extreme. The anti-narcotic officers quashed the drug ring set up by Louis Buchalter, alias Lepke, who entered the poppy fields in 1935, made a huge profit from it and finally surrendered to the law in 1939. He was sentenced
1943: Japan:Japan:~Chemists here generally say that the American aviation gasoline, which la 100-octane, la one of the Allies' highest advantages In the air over the Axis. Neither Germany nor  has 100-octane. They have lacked the raw materials. But they know one of the older processes and this  might use before the war ends to convert some of her newly-conquered oil Into 100-octane aviation gasoline.
1943: Japan::~We learn that football is played a good deal in . And of course there is keen competition to score a few goals before the kick-off.
1943: precursors the European struggle. Bo»~h recounted the achievements of their own forces and gave generous credit to the achievements of their allies; and Mr. Churchill in particular did not stint in paying tribute to the heroic performance of the Russian armies and the Russian people. Both also emphasized the new unity and harmony achieved at the Moscow Conference. And both radiated confidence in final victory, in which Mr. Churchill specifically included victory over Japan, with whom "the Britis Commonwealth and Empire ha\e : inexpiable quarrel."
1944: Japan::~against  New York Times, first offensive thrust against Nippon's home islands, the new B-39 Superfortresses, operating
1944: Japan::~The air Mow at  brought into play a battleship of the air that reduced the 1* lying Vurtress, Liberator, Lancaster and 1 lalifax to the status of medium bombers. Designed and built under wartime pressure, the Superfortress' 1*1.2-foot wingspan compared with the
1944: pie: “We should not think that wt have been passively attacked, hut that we have actively pulled the enemy toward us.”~ Allied observ-estimated the raid had knocked out 1.1 per cent of Japan's steel production, at least temporarily.
1944: Japan:Germany:~The attack opened the possibility that soon Japan would suffer the same kind of strategic bombing that has cut so heavily into German war production. Japan, experts have pointed out, is more vulnerable to air attack than Germany. 's industry is largely concentrated in six major areas, four of them on the island of Honshu and two on the island of Kyushu. It would take less effort to spread havoc here than It did to damage 's more widely scattered industrial centers.
1944: Japan::~Almost a year to the day after the first Superfortresses rolled off the assembly lines, the Twentieth Air Force, set up especially for these huge aircraft, to employ them for strategic purposes anywhere in the world, sent them out for their first major mission over the east China Sea to , a trip out and hack that could not have been less than 2.600 miles and was probably much more. Long-range flights in the European theatre seldom exceed 1,900 miles.
1944: Japan:Japan:~The fir<t Superfortresses arrived their target, Yawata, center of the ese steel industry, source of perhaps 80 per cent of 's pig iron, at 10:50 in the
1944: Shawville’s mighty hunter, Allan Good Fellow”~ Miss Webb who was the end of the global war, that is, unSparling, the well known barber, has very much taken by surprise, thank- til the defeat of Japan, it is a wise shbt six bears so far this Fall, and we led those present for the nice gifts. plan to order the parts that can be are told that Samnaie G. Sparling Refreshments were served and a ordered well in advance of actual of Thorne has bagged over twenty, very pleasant event was brought to need, so that, in case of unavoidable It aonears that Hie Sparling clan a close wishing the young couple the delays, the parts may be on hand am death on bears.	I very best in the future.	when wanted.
1945: Germany:Japan:~Maybe the simplest way would be just to give  and  the lort of peace we feel pretty sure they’d have given us.
1945: Japan:Japan:~I China's first losses to Japan followed the short Sino-ese war of 1894-95, from which the major ese gain was a big southward «ten to tropical Formosa (Taiwan),
1945: Japan::~Along with these island acquisitions  wrested from China a toehold on the continent of Asia.
1945: Japan:Japan:~Ryojun. At that time Ryojun (Port Arthur) was extensively used by Russia when more northern ports were frozen over. Russia growled at the prospect of ese encroachment on Asia's mainland; so  hastily sold back the Liaotung peninsula to China,
1945: Russia:Japan:~Missing was any reference to possible n participation in the Anglo-American war against .
1945: Japan::~As our community has lost so many in this war, and since we have the sad prospect of fininshing the war with , where many others may be lost, it is felt by most right* minded citizens that VE-Day is no time for boisterous or riotous celebrations; but rather should be a time to dedicate ourselves to the new task before us of gaining victory in the Pacific and establishing a just, righteous and permanent peace.
1945: Japan::~John Howard received the gold ary from. , was the special pin for his tenth donation of blood, preacher at the morning service in Others who received the silver but- the United Church. While in town ton for a sixth donation or have Dr. Bott was a guest of Rev. A. F. gone beyond this include:—	and Mrs. Pokes at the parsonage.
1945: Japan::~Tokyo radio announces that  will keep up the war tor twenty years. With what?
1945: Japan::~When Yanks took over a Nazi U-boat which had surrendered at Portsmouth, N. H., they captured these three prisoners together with other members of the crews of four submarines. Maj. Gen. Ulrich Kessler, left, former Luftwaffe commander, was one of the three German air force big-wiga captured. An unidentified German civilian, center, reportedly on the way to , was seized along with important documents he carried. Kepitanlieutenant Frits Steinhof, 25, skipper of one of the four captured subs, committed suieide el the Charles Street jail, Boston, shortly after this picture was made
1945: usa:Japan:~Thousands upon thonds of incendiary bombs cascade down upon the commercial dock area of Kobe, 's sixth largest city. The city, like other Nippon war centers put to the torch by Superfort raids, was already under the impact of fierce fire raids.
1945: Japan::~T he Chemical Warfare ."< disclosed not long ago that > fortresses are dropping at four types of incendiary bom'  and that n March i-wa> to develop m«.re fiery card*.
1945: Japan::~Aunt Hattie says that the time for invading  le near band. It is just a matter of days, hours, and Nlmitz.
1945: Immense and lavishly laid out Potsdam Palace, built towards the end of the reign of Frederick the Great a symbol German imperialistic might even under the Nazis, ¦~ where Premier Churchill, President Truman and Premier Stalin are now planning complete demilitarization of Germany and, possibly, similar future treatment for her Fascist ally, Japan.
1945: One of the most tragic photo-graph»~ to come out of the war was found In the pockets of a Jap, says The Ottawa Journal. It showed a blindfolded white officer kneeling In front of ranks of grinning Japs, in front of him a Jap officer with the sword of decapitation poised for the fatal blow. Now it is announced the officer was Lieut. William Newton, V.C. of Australia, beheaded by the Japs in New GislBSB ill 1*4# most ghastly crimes of the war, and one for which certainly Japan must pay.
1945: Japan::~Mount Fujiyama was a fitting backdrop for the Pacific Fleet as it gathered in Tokyo Bay, marking the sunset of 's dream of w°rld conquest. The cruiser San Diego, flagship of the Tokyo task force, was first of the "big boys" to anchor here, but tars of the minesweeper fleet say they cleared the harbor.
1946: CANADA:Japan:~this short time, it more than proved	o	n died IN 	such a breed in commercial meat and United Kingdom from ese pris-
1946: Japan::~Even though it's still hard to get enough meat and butter, says l Mat, just think how much harder it would 'lave been to learn -
1946: A decision has been made on "high political level:”~ not to try Emperor Hirohito as a war criminal, Joseph B. Keenan, chic* prosecutor for the United States in tie Japanese war crimes trial, declared.
1946: Italy:Japan:~ will ask the Conference of Paris for the right to help draw the peace treaties for Austria, tier-many and .
1946: Japan::on the job already living in quarters set up for interned ese durit g the war. Others are in entirely new camps of semipermanent nature which are being built in spite of scarcity of every thing from lumber to nails Hydro people have a race on with the Kimberley Clark people. The> must have power ready when the mill is ready to commence operations. There hasn’~t been a ract like it in Canada since the one 1928 when engineers dug a tunne underneath the Plains of Abrahan
1946: Japan:Japan:~A report to Mr. Truman by Edwin \V. Pauley, United States reparations representative, outlined a policy of severity tempered by fairness in exacting reparations from Japan. Mr. Pauley recommended that ese industry be demilitarized but that the ese people he allowed to retain a reasonable economy under which they could live at peace.
1947: Japan::~Atom Bombing Of  Cut War By A Year
1947: “~Had the war continued until the projected invasion (of Japan) on November 1 ( 1943), additional fire-raids of U-29s would have been more destructive of life and property than the very limited number of atomic raids which we could have executed in the same period.” Stimson wrote. “But the atomic bomb was more than a weapon of terrible destruction ; it w as a psy chological weapon.
1947: England:Japan:~1 arrived in Singapore from  on September tit It, 1943, when the ese were still in the town and as 1 walked down hot country roads I saw many hundreds of displaced Malayans, Javanese, Chinese and Indians, most of whom were starving and . ill. The British Military Administration was already working wonders for the relief of these unfortunates and gradually they were collected into improvised camps where, for several weeks, I helped to look after the sick.	I
1947: Japan::~things to cat by millions of pounds for garrisons and occupation forces in  and other far
1947: Japan::~Soil-less gardening was resorted to originally on islands because Allied soldiers liked fresh salad vegetables and there was no soil in which to grow them. It is being conducted m  and China because Oriental agricultural practices make it unsafe to eat any-
1947: Japan::~| Bombed  j
1947: USA::1 Pictured ranking officer in AF’~s B-29 attack on Japan,
1947: Japan:Canada:~Private trade between Canada and  was resumed on August 15 following the approval of the Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers of application from six Canadian businessmen to enter that country. Two other applications are awaiting clearence by SCAP, and this will complete the quota of eight places allocated to  by the Inter-Allied Trade Board in Wash-
1947: Japan:Japan:~established at a later date, but as imports into  are under strict control, first consideration in the approval of applications will be given to possible purchasers of ese products.
1948: Japan::~Rev. P. S. C. Powlcs, of Montreal. Mr. George P. McBeath, lay minis- Mrs vv j Murray, of Elmside ro-has been appointed assistant Bishop ter of St. Andrew's United Church, turned Thursday from Montreal, of the diocese of Mid-, by an- Bristol, was found dead in bed at where she had been visiting her son. nouncement ot Rt. • M; about 11 o’clock Thursday night. He ^av*d».a patient in the Queen Mary
1948: Japan::~Brother of Dr. Powles Appointed Bishop in  4 Dies Suddenly
1948: Japan:Russia:~Neutral observers in  and China can see evidences that the men in the Kremlin who plan n - global strategy are making moves which may eventually result in an entirely new balance of power in the Far East.
1948: Russia:Korea:~This does not necessarily mean that Russia intends to take up the reins within the next couple of years. The new Soviet industrial empire in Siberia is still some distance from.completion, although an imposing start hap already been * made in the development of light and heavy industries in half a dozen eastern Siberian areas. But those who watched what the ns did in Manchuria during early 1946, and who see the steadily developing Soviet power in  this past couple of years, are pretty well agreed that the Kremlin’~s long-range objective is to achieve a decisive measure of control over Japan, China, and ultimately the whole of southeast Asia. e
1948: Korea:Japan:~In 1905 it was Japan that blocked Russian efforts to penetrate  and Manchuria. Again, in 1931, it was  that forced Stalin to "sell’’ his half interest in the Chinese Eastern Railway and to give up Russia’s preferred interests in the remainder of Manchuria.
1948: Japan:Russia:~Japan could do such thing then. But now  has collapsed as a power in the Orient, and the greatest barrier to n advances is gone. And the indications are clear that as soon as they think it is safe to make such a move, the Soviet powers intend to “take over.”
1948: Russia:Japan:~Just when this will take place it would be rash even to try and predict. However, here is one fact worth noting. If 's present Five Year Plan can be completed successfully, her Siberian industrial empire will be very close to the point where it can match ’s pre-war supremacy over Asia. That will • be—If nothing Interferes—in <951, four years from now.
1950: af Who Zuoi bti!toi8hs«~f It was Mer^y He Rollers Along-It's a jeep, but you'd hardly know simpered gently for nearly four ,te 1 f* weird vehicle is the result of ingenuity at an Air Force hours, and then allowed to grow in Japan. It was born of the necessity for urgent haste in almost cold in the water it had handling air cargoes. As soon as cargo plane lands, the “Harvey cooked in. I skinned it tenderly, Special" jeep rushes to it with roller conveyors that speed up
1950: eut so I will renew It for 6 Winslow presided tor the election e^an-ST1	i°~Clal co,mnit- Japan * lawwwege ‘"dustry re- -	of officers. The following were 'nt^d !	'°,r™,Iy pre* duCed ,Uffs ln Canadian knit-
1950: Over a period of year»~ Department of Agriculture agronomists brought in more than 2,500 distinct varieties from China, Manchuria, Japan, Korea, the East Indies, and India. Each had different maturity periods, size, shape, color, composition, and other growing characteristics. Here was something to work on. XV. J. Morse in the department devoted himself with such single.	.	,1*1.	.« i lies» of purpose to the soy beau
1951: Japan::~Missionary message on . 10 a m _Sunday school illustrated by si,des.	„ a.m. -Morning Worship
1951: England:Japan:~viding direct employment for more than 24.000 people. The the larger cotton industries of industry is essentially Canadian  and — it was nat- since the severity of its domes-vial that Canadians should est- tic and foreign competition has afclish an industry where a con- never rendered it sufficiently at-tinuous supply of raw material tractive to outside capital to result in any large investment of
1952: 'ne importance of “~THE EQUITY vincing way. She deplored the Clonal amount of $1,100 was keep up with changing world in * spreading ideas throughout methods of some radio advert is- ,-eceived from bequests. These conditions, the fate of Japan is Pontiac County”. He felt that it ers, stating that their claims were reports also told of other con- bound to affect us on this con-
1952: Japan::~Miss Rorke plans to re-of good used clothing to over- turn to her work in  in seas relief, flowers to sick and August.
1952: Japan::~Miss Luella Rorke. a missionary in  for 32 years, told of her work there in two heart-moving addresses. She was recalled during the war but returned as soon as permission was giver, in 1947. During that interval she worked in Trinidad.
1952: Japan::~Bishop	and	Mrs.	Powles,		were	guests	of Mr.	and	Mrs.	W.J.	into a fleet of transport trucks	Preceptory and Karnak Temple,
1952: A: Oh that’~s just a start. There are all the social activities, the news about company insurance plans, the annual Christmas dinners and Christmas trees, information about the various textile and other courses available to employees, and a special column of general information on developments in the cotton business, for example, the danger of increased cotton imports from low-wage countries like Japan and India. Employees in the mill want to know about these things. They affect Canadian textile jobs!
1953: Japan::~His first wife. Ce le n la Bouchier cally than  or India. Can a -
1953: Japan::~get a trip to , for three i by a young man who loses his life in saving yours.
1953: Japan::~gins has gone to  <m course	)	^ose who died on	the battlefields, in the prison	'
1953: Japan:Korea:~Thirty-two members of the Canadian Red Cross served with our forces in  and later in .
