1884: To cure these dises»vs tho blood must be purlfled, nml : osions I to u healthy sud mi-tural condition. Avril'»~ Sa usa ran ill a lias fnr ovrr forty vphis been recogtiUvd by Pinl-vient medical authorities as tho most powerful blood purifier in existence. It frees the system from all foul humors, enriches ami strengthens tho blood, removes all traces «•f mercurial treatment, and proves Itself a complete master of all scrofulous diseases.
1884: England:usa:~A. A scholar to spell by eight until it Cyrus sailed for  to wrest the know all the letters, and then recite. money for the cable from British in-Q. What do you consider just punish- vestors. No monk of old ever preached ment for truancy ? A. Make them stand the crde with greater vehemence, and up on the floor on one foot for ten min- in a wonderfully short time, and in deti-utes.	anco of innumerable difficulties, the cable
1885: Perry and his backers. ’’~-Gazette.	I fired a shot in the direction of deceased ; William Shepherd-FlatV" placed wit-	The extensive usa of these
1885: usa:Canada:~three thond killed and wounded. Herbert, tho special correspondent of the London Post, was formerly secretary to Lord Dtafferin when the latter was Governor-General of . He witnessed the battles of Tel-el-Kebir, El Tob and Tamai, and was severely wounded at the last named. The News' correspondent says General Stewart, hoping to surprise the enemy,left Abou Klea wells on Saturday afternoon, marched through tho entire night, sighting the river at daybreak.
1885: usa:United States:~China has hundreds of thonds^ professional begums, but not one Chinese beggar, it is asserted, has yetbren found in the , ivtu vu the Pacific coast.
1885: United States::~Speaking of De Le seeps, they say his not good, we might be snro It was a solu-Panama scheme will inflict great injury tion of Epaoru salts. The best water is on the ." ‘ Bud we can ouL found in nttural rocky reservoirs in deep lect damages from him in the courte,’' narrow gorges where the sun never shine», said the daughter of a Washington states- As to “live springe, " I never saw more confidently. * In what way ?" than half a dtzan in six thousand miles' asked President Cleveland. “Suez canal, travel.
1885: usa:United States:~China has hundreds of thonds of professional beggars, but not one Chinese beggar, it is asserted, has yet been found in the * even on the Pacific sast.
1885: An Au4tin b onday-school teacù~er asked her cl usa : 44 For what purpose did God qlve man Ms different Beueee ? Why are 4 e gi vun e> es ?	s
1885: mown ; they tried to thrust it down their » can t xnake out . Am we	nay well, defined edge. Of two thousand who Europe, but they have bien concocting ft*®~ other	Canada or the
1886: usa:Spain:~conquerors, and wt nt in thonds to s veil the armies of .
1886: “ Bet; tune, my dear," rej >in« d the father, M a disorganized tim •~ like the present is the rogue s harvest, and Egyptian rogues are bloodthirsty at well as dishonest. There are hundreds of religious enti u lasts also ping out of m/ grasp. I havj as yet only I in the city who would consider it a meritor threo thousand troopi wherewith to hold uous act to shed Christian blot d and tost,r three bundl 'd thousand excitable and easily up others to do so as well, and as the war maddened people In check. My advicj to minister has not ytt su Hi lent troop# to keep you Is that you brick up the fr< nt windows this turbulent eh ment in abeyance, he ht,s and door of the bank and send me the keys, offered us the shelter of hii roof, under when 1 will hold myself accountable for which we shall he us safe ai though the safety of its contents (y;u told mo, I at home in old England.'* thlrk that you had the necessary materials “ hut mamma and I should be shut up In at h nd in rase of emergency?). I also his harem and guarded by monstrous counsel you as soon ai ever this is done	to | groes as though we were prisoners,	for In	no
1886: Canada:usa:~how little it will hot her us statesmen will he surprised to find out in j C e course of time that  can peddle ' her own canoe, without the American steamer throwing  tow-rent
1886: Omrirta, Men*»~ Shoes, Slippers and Osltsrs, Usa sad Wemsn’s Tilt Beet» sad Overshoes, yea's, Women's sad Children's Butters, Women’s sad Misses’ Beets sad Slippers, all kinds. Children's Beets, every __ I
1887: usa::~them. As they mature, vary the food for When travelling abroad Her Majesty  the diseases of the throat and lungs that misions by a sudden fright, which was °°-or doee your frien the object intended, and ten to one, but ally adopts the incognita of the Countess of 25,000 persons die annually in New Eng- followed by the deep sleep from which she
1887: usa:England:~siblo ministers of the day in England, and Hia co-operate with  to ex- mn thmet and other pamfui lomplalaw win prevail.
1887: •~horee of Italy. Alas, those Red Rocks are violet crimson and pink are those rolling Corniche road above, Into which it When there is a rat hole through pleut- gr^Plheï» baying left his in camp. He had now no longer red but blasted by the mer oloude with smaller dashes and streaks of runs when the latter reaches the ering, or between the stones of the cellar nnished taking view» of the carcass, canary hand of man, appearing the usual feathery crimson clouds above and to the level of the shore. Once en that shore grew wall, the most effectual way to stop it is to 7ere. 411 busily engaged skinning, muddy white color like all the low-lying couth. The other side of the bar In front aloes, the yellow horned poppy and hashes fill it with plaster of Paris mixed with bearing a crashing in the bush, and rooks near there. And so there wss a. fort- of us, right above the peninsula of Monaco of other plants which were able to bear the broken glass. Holes in wood are beet stop- °[ m™8e ro^n and growls,,we looked ug> rum, an old, very old fortress, built probab- with its old palace, rises sternly and gloom- sand and large stones by the sea ; now they ped by nailing tin over them.—Orchard and l^? b"1* cud were horrified to see three ly a thousand rears ago, and possibly on the Uy the Tete de Chien, tly square outline of have been torn up to make room for foot- Garden.	grizzly bears—an old female and two cube
1887: À ment Company wilt apply at the next «~espion of the Parliament of Canada for an Act to enable them io extend their operation* to the head of Quinze Rapid* In the vttawa River, to purcha*eor construct and operate Hie*mboata and togs, to acquire and construct wharves and piers, to u>w and collect kb wlogs to enquire all booms and piers I n the Ottawa River above the Chandlers Falls, to acquire and operate telegraph and telephone lines nnd to increase their capital stock or Issue debentures to an amount not to exceed two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
1888: usa:United States:~It was somewhere in *63 4 that I became a debutante as a lugger for cats. About that time I was, with a few thond comrades, getting paid for killing time and my fellow man (after the manners and methods perseribed for that sort of amusement by the  aimy regulations) at Vi-dalla, La., a sort of along the road court house settlement, immediately opposite Matches, Miss., on the Mississippi river One morning I found myself up, dressed and off duty before sunrise, wondering what to do in the long stretch of time until break	.	.
1889: Canada:usa:~A United States journal indulging in the habit, which has become so prevalent, of slandering Canada and Canadians has been misrepresenting Bishop Latteche, of Three Hivers, as shaking in favor of the annexation of  to the l nited States. The bishop had no desire to remain under the stigma of such a disgraceful acction, so he has in plain terms repudiated using any expression or harboring any such tiuient. Astoan especially injurious assertion that the French-Canadians were ready to aid in the destruction of the Canadian Confederation, he says: “1 protest against " such an imputation, which is injurious to “ my country, disloyal towards the “ Mother Country and totally unworthy “ of the proverbial loyalty of the French-44 Canadian people.” These manly words will, perhaps, silence some of the traducers for a time, but they will probably soon recommence their calumnies.
1889: A physician walking with a friend, said to $fttn|0ip*i Council has voted 600 francs to him: "Let os avoid that pretty little woman Wâ~r(| t^e expenses. Susan Anthony and yon see there on the left. She knows me, ^rn. Cady Stanton will represent the wo and oaete on me looks of Indignation. I at men 0f tfie United States, tended her hue hand." "Ah! I understand. The Illinoft Women’s Press Association You the misfortune to dispatch him,” was ^aa WBxed so strong that it Is to build a the remark that slipped ont. ' On the oon- house In Chicago, a feature of which will be trary," replied the doctor, "1 saved him l” A B lecture room to seat 200 persons, guest at a country inn exclaimed : " I say, There are 213 clubs uf women in the city landlord, your food Is worse than It was list 0f Orleans alone devoted to the study yearl” "Impossible, sir,” was the rather am 0j political economy. Tbe women of several oignon • reply of the landlord. "Why, ’ said Southern cities are busy studying this «sub a counsel to a witness, "are you so very pre- ject and fitting themselves for the duties of rise in your statement? Are you afraid of citizenship. In the North and Northwest telling an untruth? ’ Witness (promptly) — there are over 500 large clubs of women "No sir. " At a recent isquiry into the sanity devoted to political economy, and New York of a young man of large property, witnesses aDCj Brooklyn women have listened to bun weie being called to prove that he was unfit fi^ds of lectures on the subject this season, to mansge his affairs. A curious slip was Brooklyn women are wondering if an made by a school-master when asked if he neX4tion of their city to New York would had formed any opinion an to the state of âffeotone village custom which still continu mind of the allegeo lunatic. "Oh, yes," he eg |D N 0gUe among many economical house-
1889: United States:usa:~only legislative body where represented receive no pay for their services, of Congress In the  are ai lowed five thond dollars a year.
1890: usa::and the torn of Windsor, in which he lived, as statements had been sont broadcast that an annexation sentiment existed We might have our party differences in there. He denied this acction and wizard to the best way of promoting the would like W have no better opponent to public welfare, but we had our common co„test the constituency with him than b nd of union in regard to the great prin- one favorable to annexation. (Hear, hear.) ci pie of British connection, a principle [t wee charged against Col. White, ex M which controls all political thought in p p., that he warn an annexationist. ¦~ Canada, and before which all other quee- had Mr. White's assurance that hts (Mr. ii->ns dwarf into utter insignificance, and White’s) views were that if our relations he ventured to assert that our position as were changed he would rather have politi-citizeni of the greatest empire known to #,) union than independence. Ho (Patter-civilisation commanded In a more marked	did not share these views,
1890: Usa::~Oh, the  sae sweet and meek it a wet, I |filioUPneMM# 8ick headache, and all diseases
1890: rittge ; but against this was the fact that "Now, Faune,”~ said Holmes, losing no they had lost no time in quitting London al- time, "you have chosen to refuse any assist together. But was it certain that Mrs. ance to your solicitor in preparing vour de Musgrave had lieen doing this? Miss fence. If you suppose, however, that your Browning was in possession of undoubted proceedings have remained a nwstery, you proof of the fact. Her mother rented are mistaken. Musgrave has left England, a house in Mount Street, and let it out and has taken with him the five thousand in apartments ; and the daughter happen- pounds you gave him that night in Hyde ed to be there the morning Mrs. Musgrave Park. He told me the story of him relations called to look at the rooms, and recognie- with you before he left. XX ould you like to ed her. They were the rooms which Mr. hear it f* ¦¦	_ -sr	_ ^u
1890: England:usa:~The protect of a French engineer to secure railroad passage aurons the Kng-hull channel by moans both of bridge and tunnel, a double device by which the alleged advantages of Ik>Ui methods l>e secured, is said to meet and over come the opposition of a number of the leading military authorit es of  this question of channel transit. The British Parliament, acting under the a*I vice of leading military men, declined to have the tunnel built, liecauae it was believed that the Knglisli end of it might l>e surprised by the French, who, holding the command of the passageway, could quickly pour thonds ujh.ii thou-hands of troop» into Fngland, thus in vadlng and capturing the island Without exnosing thenmlves to the risk of meeting the English war vessels. In view of opposition coming from this source, the project of a hridgv has l>eeii advanced. This could be built, but It would take very much longer to construct it than to build a tunnel ; the cost of construction would be several times greater, and the cost of painting it s’one would preliably be very much larger than the entire cost of maintaining the tunnel ; while iimler tl\e most favorable conditions it could not hope to have the same continued teriii of usefulness. Beside this, although a bridge could lie bettered down by the guns of the armor-clad vessel* of the English Beet, even if the Knglish end of the structure was captured by the French, its
1890: Canada:United States:~15, and in Germany lb, and in the United States 39 per thousand. It will thus be that  stands in a favorable position as compared with Great Britain and the .
1890: usa:England:~The deaths by accidents on railways, street cars, steamboats and vehicles numbered fifty-four, or three in every thond deaths against four in .
1890: Canada:usa:~preparation is much more likely to meet not to tell her of Dr. Pierce s Favorite Pre- I fl* witn popular approval at a distance than at scription. We do want Mary to know, in i I home. Nasal lialm, acknowledged as Iwinc some way or other, that this world famed I <*hi the greatest remedy for cold in the head and remedy will cure her beyond any doubt ! It 's catarrh, ever offered the people of , just the medicine for young womanhood affords a striking instance of the fact that and thonds has it bridged over that peril popular opinion, for once, at least, is wrong, ous sea.
1891: USA::~SA  IE CASINGS.
1891: England:usa:~by every servant in the house ; he drank I ^ singula incident arising out of tho re more deeply than ever ; slept less ; perambu- oent 8evere weather in  is reported lated the park and village at untimely hours; ^rom %)^rsetshire, where thonds of birds and one tine night in August, after rambling the	locally known as 41 fieldfares’’
1891: quests be made known unto God.” Once	neyh»~K* often, ip perils of waters, in {Kurils H not angry with your hot tears. Like usa	t-mlbss life”
1891: comparatively new arrivals attracted by Bettor per lb expectations of highly paid work in con* I r,,L,s p, r j nection with the World’~s Fair. The re-1 Lud maining 10,000 or 15,000 are Chicago resi- I Wool, dents and of these thousands cf nien and Beans their families are declared to be actually qrt,el| Pork starving. Canadians bad better stay nt Hides per 100 lbs home as the poorest city in Canada is ten I Put keys per lb. times b,t or off than Chicago according I (;ee8Vt ,t’er p, to the accounts of the Chicago newspa- Chickens, pi rs.	I
1891: « NVr.N I plo<» $10 or thousands. Bro-III W lew I HU, 10 per cent, upwards—to probable KW. Legitimate, conservative, no r* wild cat,” no gambling. Always safe, some rase-4 (i U A KANTKSI >. MI NI NU. Ileal Estate. Ivoans. Fields British Columbia, Washing ton. Missouri. Write, stating class inyost-ments preferred. Representing "West Kootenay,’ “ Silver Tip. ‘ “ Columbia*American, “Western Consolidated,” and “~North Western Development - Mining Companies. B.O., and Mar bio Cave. Missouri. Address, W. U. LYNCH,offices, Spokane, Wash., U.8.; Toronto, Ottawa and Montreal. Canada.
1891: seven coast towns which have been « pen- The pilgrims surrounded the tomb and the patriarchs in front, the young men and ed them, and cannot go beyond certain bared their heads while the crowd of vil- j women in the rear. It was noticed and relimits.” And again, “~ An error, widely lagers who had followed them from the marked the slow process of photographing spread, represents Japan as having entered time of their arrival thronged around them, m vogue in the village. The Am 3ricans, on the movement of Kuropean civilization. Hr. 8. 1*. I pham of the Huston llieulogic.il accustomed to the instantaneous process, One does not need to read between the lines school mounted upon the tomb and spoke a grew nervous during the lone exposure of to perceive the animus that inspired this few sentences in a most impressive manner, the plate which was required by the village article. It is plain to he seen that tne oh- His words seemed to sink deeply upon the photographer. It took several trials Wore joct is to discredit the work being done group around him who had journeyed many a satisfactory result was obtained, by the 403 Protestant missionaries now thousands of miles to feel the inspiration “That must have been the way they operating int hat country, and who have that arose within them at this spot.	m	photographed people in the days of Wesley, ’’
1891: England::It is the opinion of Sir Samuel Baker, than whom perhaps no Englishman is better qualified to speak on the subject, that Egypt would gain immensely if it was once settled that ’s occupation of that country was to be permanent. Moreover he asserts that if Great Britain were to be compelled to name a date when she will evacuate Egypt she could not name an earlier date than 50 years. “ By that time,” he says, “~the Soudan will have been reconquered, railways will have developed the wonderful resources of the interior, and England will obtain her cotton and wheat from the regions of the Nile tributaries of Abyssinia. The Nile will have been controlled by a series of weirs and water gateeXhat will raise thelevel, bury the cataracts and extend the means of irrigation over thousands of square miles which are now waterless and unproductive deserts. Vast reservoirs will receive and secure the surplus water of the annual Hoods whieh now runs recklessly to waste, silting the shores of the Mediterranean. This water storage will increase the powers of irrigation in Lower Egypt.” Though this prophecy implies wonoemd progress, who eiders that the developments of the past ten years in that Dark Continent will say that its fulfilment is it all improbable!
1892: taring upon any remarks regarding the ber of peuple in the county, whom he had five years he had been in opposition and remark* relative to the division in the Con- aud anew election held.-Carried, political situation of affairs he deemed it represented for the past ten years. He could do nothing for the county ; had he servative rank*, he thought It wa* well to s«e his duty to apologize to the chairman for I Came as a worker a* well as a candidate, given a half support to Mercier he could they were unanimous to-day. It was cer-Bomething he (the speaker) had said at a and he felt assured if he was the candi- have got a good deal, but he preferred not talnly to be *afU In favor of the Conservative* email meeting held at Shawville on the date he could with the co-operation of his to sacrifice his political principles and that lhat they had done wbat the Liberal* had 16th, at which the doctor had taken of- friends “lick” any Grit their adversariea explained why he got nothing. But he not done ln the way of ridding themselves of fence. He explained that for the past | could bring out ; but he did not say this asked the electors to look over the period theboodlere. How a man could come out now two months he had been receiving letters because of an) particular merit which he when his friends were in power—from *n<1 announce himself a candidate,In favor and telegrame from all parta of the county himself possessed. A crisis in oui history 1882 to 1886—and they would find that of Mercier wa* more than be could underfront parties who looked to him as their has been reached; the position he had obtained $34,000 in four years, for stand. That man who had added millions to standard-bearer. He thought these peo for the electors to consider was roads and bridge* in the county. Since our debt and who had peddled the whole propie meant what they said. It was realized whether they were in favor of honest gov Mercier came in what had the county re- vt°~ce around,France aud could not get more that an important crisis in tbe history of ernment or a return to power of the band ceived I—only about five or six thousand lhsn lhree million* advanced on IL Five our affairs had been reached,—the time of scoundrels and thieves who had charge dollars! People perhaps might forget years more of Mercier rule would bring ne to had come when honest men onght to unite of the affairs of the province for the past whit had been done,but an enduring mon- d,reet taxation and that we could not *tand. to hold the county of Pontiac or the Con- five years. He did not think they would ument of services he had rendered exist- *ï0 closed th<- mines by a tax which in servative party and elect a representative vote for a return of Mercierism unless ed between the village of Bryson and Cal- "°meea*e* wa* more than the thing* were in fa vor of hones ; government. Nobody they were willing to allow themselves to umet Island ; this had once been called worlh; this mining tax proposed to take a could deny that fit#county was Conserva- be humbugged by sectional appeals. He “the Poupore folly.,K If that was folly he mftn 81,and W7 U defded 10 h,m : live, but at thy last election, owing to could not believe the elector, would give thought tho ele< tore could not do better he considered tt nothing «bort of robblngjuid
1892: Japan:Japan:~An ancient copper mine, which was first worked 1183 years ago, is about to be reopened in Musashi, . Old ese manuscripts of undoubted authenticity mention this mine. Its galleries and levels are in some esses just as they were 700 years ago.
1892: usa::~- Ktss:r“" I
1892: A hand-clasp—~'Usa little thing ;
1893: England:France:~We have on fyle thousands of testimonials from customers In , Scotland, , end Oermay, In which countries the Soap has been In use for >ears.
1893: usa:Canada:~teraof the staa over which Ris had at-The cheese trade in  is aummin* f tid ^ |§wl euch preten.ions.
1893: usa::give up its thond and one enjoyments for the sake of an invalid’s whim. Her mother offered voluntarily to sacrifié~e herself in the matter ; but Lauraine would not hear of it, and in the end she and Lady Etwynde, under charge of an experienced | courier, set out for Germany and, travail, ing by slow and easy stages, arrived one warm June evening at quaint, pretty Erie-bach.
1893: usa::~The belt scholars are not tob cco users; non-smokers take the highest rank in every grade ; and whether we look at the exceptionally brilliant atudunti, or compare the average of those who  and thou? who refrain from tobacco, the result shows the same.—Medical and Surgical Reporter
1893: «. Ïï~i2	tL fAss rasas usa. -nrjs
1893: some offence—unpremediated perhaps and «~esUI Attacks ky land am# Sen. ^ p/oduotion of gold in Russia in 1899 trivial enough in anyone but a soldier— A Halifax, M. 8., special says The that the output of the mines has been great-frequently make deserters. Hut they are sound of srar was heard all dayan Halifax. |y increased by the improvement of teehnl-usually a good riddance to their convpdes, Five thousand men under arms manoeuvred cal appliances. The production of the pre-whoso good record is not spoiled by the in- }„ *nd about the eight forts at the entrandb cious metal has reached n total of no less evitable black sheep.	to the harbor end on the warships of the than 2,601 puds, m compared with 2,.38'J
1894: United States:usa:~charitable organizations make the state- Mr. Connor O'Dea has been connected meut that hundreds of people who never with this college for over thirty years, and knew what want was before are starving in ie well known throughout Canada and the cold rooms to-day. Every organization is  as one of the greatest dealing with a class of people it has never experts in penmanship on the continent, met before, and scores of cases are related and thonds of young men attribute of people who go days and days without ! much of their success in business to the food or fire before they will admit their proficiency they attained in this respect condition. Missionaries say that families while at the British American College. Mr.
1894: usa:United States:~I Fifty thond incandescent lampe are the stage made in the  each day.
1894: England:usa:~At the meeting of the directors of the Bank of  Governor Powell, referring to the grave irregularities of Frank May, the late cashier, said that the sum of two hundred and fifty thond pounds had been met aside to meet the bank's losses.
1895: usa::~it o. unonrs  J5B»
1895: usa:Canada:~trade, and speak of advance. From 1878 r>lpntiM,, of February. ene thond eight hund.rd to 1893 the exports of  increased | nnd nindv.tivP, at the hour often of the dock In the by 00 per cent. The imports increased by fowIlot)IU at tbe domicile of the lab Edward tiibbom,* 00 |ier cent., the coasting trade tonnage | in hix lifetime of the Township of Onslow, in the by 120 per cent., and the inland water I County of Pontiac, in the Province of Quebec, .M.r-touuage by 60 per cent. The railway v)isnt, will be exposed and sold by us, Stephen Alex-mileage has increased 120 per cent., the • rndei m*Ka>, the undersigned Notary Public foi the number of passengers carried by 109 per Province oi Quebec, residing at the Village ofShaw-per cent., and the freight t rallie by 100 wile, aaid County mk! Province, proceeding from the percent. The bank circulation has grown Inventory of the property of the said late Elwa-d 80 jK.*r cent. The number of letters and Gibbons, all the moveables, moveable ettbets, wto^k-jK)8t cards passing through the mails has in-trade, goods and merchandises, anl imtnoveahh augmented 1T»3 |>er cent., and of pa^rs, and landed properties, enten i in the aaid i:i\.-nt.»ry, etc., 110 per cent. The exports of cheese which ha* been duly taken by me. as well in the pre ¦	¦ H	¦ ÉÊÊ or cent., senee as in the alwnre of the interested parties, dulv
1895: Canada:usa:~The American Tobacco Company of Foreman Frank A. Grover, of the Roches-, with a capital of one million ter Gas and Electric Light Company, while dollars and headquarters in Montreal, has work on Thursday evening, received a V-eu incorpore ted.	| eh>ck of three thond volte of electricity,
1895: usa::I Bigger than any other, better than any other, with over five acres of selling space and over a thond employees. Think what thpt means—~a whole town under one roof, and every class of merchandise that goes well together. It sells Groceries as well as Dry Goods, Bicycles as well as Shoes, Furniture as well as Housefurnishings. Easier to tell what isn't here than what is. We buy in the biggest markets, sell on the closest margins and do a business aggregating millions of dollars every year. We have thousands of customers in small towns and villages all over Canada, who appreciate the advantages of
1896: beat down the tier again, and wneu 1 or so sucx-ee<ied in reachinv thp n*:crh tbe breeders on this side of the ocean tion ia small, the cost may reach. as But even with erotio and erratic gen- had finished began eluding the outer cell bourhood of l hum The reemit xv«~.s (England). And when we, with true much as fifteen cents a dozen, but his barred out, there was no occasion I <*uors, securely padlocking them.	that Mr. Littledale* had to aband m CausallanLic energy, undertook to im- such is a seldom occurrence
1896: usa:United States:~there take their advice. They may poe-	0ne hundred thond dollars, any bal- . If the duty were remov-	MaRcft	next, at TEN o’clock in	the fore-
1896: In this dilemma it was felt to be ditifi- make nations and men cult for any ambitious and self respecting much value that has not cost eff *rt some nation to call “halt,” and take the lead time. Great responsibilities yield in standing by to become a hewer of plenitude of comfort, “~Uneasy lies wood and a drawer of water to the rest, the head that wears a crown.' There is To refuse good, elegiblo and honest em- no royal road to empire. It cannot be ploy meut may appear quite absurd and helped. It ia the ordained order of irrational, but it will never bo an easy things. The kingdoms of men and thing to get a civilized and cultivated the kingdoms of the gods have to bv, people to consent to plough the fields, dig alike, taken by force. Meantime, the in the mines, and do the general dirty plain duty of this country is to go on as work of the world in exchange for the she has begun. Her own right arm will finished goods of other nations. Canada, bring her the victory. The practice of as the first daughter of the greatest man truth, industry and frugality by her peo ufaciuring country in the world, naturally pie will avail her m ire than a thousand participated in the general progress. At quack nostrums cone *c»~ed by those in an early period in her manufacturing ear league with her enemies, eer, her woollens were the justification of Men who fear their own shadow and their being. Cottons followed with simi quake under multiplied responsibility^, lar success, and, even before the advent seek shelter under a power greater than of the National Policy, Yorkshire and their own. Canada has r o use for sooh Manchester had lost much of their .Can feeble and half hearted guider# Men
1896: Usa::~tonto. Home Sept, le# te .'
1897: usa::~and louder	moaned the	cattle	and	replies. All alone. The voice from	for We know	that fine earthly ru *	°* Euotsniptibie hypocrisy	which	which	cnim* therefrom, is not now
1897: Japan:usa:~It La probable that the new Govern- tains the right of the United States to teas Cadogan, as a Royal salute was me lit telegraph line to the Klondyke annex the island, but he guarantees fired by a battery of artillery station-will be constructed entirely through that the rights of  will be safe- in Phoenix park, after which the Canadian territory. In this case the guarded The tone ol the reply is very Earl and Countess, with the staff of length of the line will be fifteen bun- friendly.	ibe Lord Lieutenant, joined the prothond dollar».	“ Tuesday, fought bia way with a guard of honor waa furnished by the
1898: Spain:usa:~behalf of , not only received the peace conditions laid down by the Ameri can cabinet earlier in the day, but therer !	l l l | l l |upon entered upim their full diacion
1898: usa:Canada:~Czar of all the Rias, Count Muravieff.  imported $140,305,000 w orth and
1899: found next morning and it was also oisif r. William M. Grieves, one of the I covered, so the story has it, that the bait known landscape gardeners in Ot spring had ceased to flow. For one taw died last Thursday morning in S . k^ar it was lost to sight, but at the end Luke’s hospital of lockjvw after a shoit Qf that time it came out of a cleft in the illness. While getting into a buggy a rocks about a hundred yards from where week ago Saturday, Mr. Grieves made a it had originally been. This comp’~o ed misstep with the result that he struck the miracle and there are many people in his left leg juat below the knee on the Ottawa today who attribute the steel step of the buggy. A considerable ,,f the flow of water for that period to the cut was inflicted. Mr. Grieves went desperate act of the poor old soldier home but did not mind the matter much, Time has caused a great change ill the thinking the injury would be all right in fAce of the cliff since then, but the trunk a few days. He rested the leg, but after of the old basswood tree upon which the a short time it began to get more painful, man hung himself is still there, while Mr. Grieves then mounted his wheel and right below it are'the remains of the with one foot pedalled to see a doctor, basin of stone and the stone steps placed Later he complained of feeling a soreness ! there by the direction of the founder of about the throat and it was decided he j the Capital of Canada, should go to St. Luke’s hospital. Symp- These old relics will all have to go and ptoma of lockjaw were there noticed, and while thousands will enjoy the short and everything pc ssible warn done for the man, comfortable entrance to the city it will but nothing was done for avail. It is causa a sense of loss to steal into the thought that the lockjaw warn caused by hearts of those who knew the place in some dirt from the buggy step entering days gone by and loved it for its old ax-the cut.	sociations.—Ottawa Citizen.
1899: in dark blue canvas, with apricot silk EMPEROR WILLIAM’~S PEI SCHEME about the bodice, and a hat trimmed The extension of this railway from with flowers. The clock in George IV/s Kuniah, first to Bagdad, abqut a tower had chimed half-past five, when thousand miles, and thence to Sas-it was seem that her Majesty, with sora on the Persian Gulf, another four some slight assistance from her Indian hundred miles, has been a pet scheme attendant, was entering the carriage, of the enterprising young monarch, accompanied by Princess Henry of The move by which England now un-fiatienberg and the Dowager Lady dertakes this work is but one result of Southampton in attendance.	the entente cordiale lately sealed be-
1899: United States:usa:~AX hen Spain and the United States jterfeoily developed capsule that is not began hostilities Mr. Baker lent t be Missouri to the  government under the same conditions on which the Maine has been lent to Great Britain. She was operated by her regular officers and crew at an expense of thonds of dollars every month for nine months. Between August, 1898, and May, 1899, she carried	wounded and sick soldiers
1900: usa:Germany:~Thonds of persons in  live literally "on straw,” making it up into blankets, panniers, boxes, kni knacks, hats, bonnet , etc. Professional schools have even hern founded where the trade is taught in all its varieties.
1900: usa::~honored custom the owning was given a by ih* \Uv. Mr. Lawson, of Ottawa wh.had been in the nicely rounded Ml oratorical lints , by-mm Monday night of tin# wee k. Owing, however, to a Btxere cold he could not lecture ! in his  d good old style. < ).i the same cession the members of the I. O. 0. T.
1900: usa::In the Temiscamingue, Nipiesing and Algoma districts which are contiguous and fighting, and the boy; are very anxious to adjacent to the Georgian Bay canal route see mure. It will, no doubt, have a good there are millions of acres of splendid ag- effect on the rebels in Cape Colony r cultural lands. The valley of the Ottawa 1 may have to go as a witness against contains a superficial area of more than the Boer prisoners down to Cape d own, sixty thond square miles, greater than Don’~t forget to send me the papers, all the New England states combined and and write often. I got my picture taken immeasurably superior to thorn in rich- hero today, and will sent it on to you. ness and variety of resousces. There is We are wondering about the elections, oyer the whole area a large proportion of 1 hope Col. Tyrwhitt is in good health, cultivable lands, fertile and excellently I see there is a second contingent coming; watered and so situated with regard to 1 wonder if any boys from Ottawa will be the occurence of minerals and timber as with them ?
1900: England:usa:~loon III. tried so long and so earnestly to persuade the British Government to take part in a joint interBut for 's refl
1900: Canada:usa:~children sleeping in the house and had over  were present. Thonds j^r j,liin j | gone out into the field to Work. The viewed the remains in the legislative view of the house was obstructed by an j assembly’s chamber, before the cortege intervening barn and the tire thus gained I left for the Basilica. A wealth of floral ^ Mathosoii & (
1900: Canada:usa:~The undersigned having secured a block of stock in one of the safest and best-known Gold Mining Companies in , which has been working for two years, has large ore bodies opened up, new machinery and buildings costing forty thond dollars, all fully paid and no liab lities of any kind and is likely to he in a position to pay regular dividends in a^hort time, having decided, instead of dealing with large English or European Capitalists, to deal direct with The People, believing there are many who are saving and ambitious to make money but on account of limited resources,
1900: usa::~Get your Xmas photos now early and it will give  better chance |8°° to ipleasc you
1900: Write for our interesting books “ Inventor’s Help'* and •• How you are swindled/’~ Send usa rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted yy us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; tn is qualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.
1901: 1 he following «~casons usa as
1901: usa::~that cannot le cured by the  of Hall'S Catarrh Cure.
1901: usa::thond dollars. Professor Robertson some time and every precaution warn has not in any way endorsed the company thought t> have been taken to prevent nor is he in any position to express an ! ju»t such a tragedy aa occurred yeater opinion concerning it. However, he has j day-authorized the statement that in hi* op inion for the purpose»~ mentioned in the prospectus of the Canadian Dressed ltry Company, Limited, a company with a capital stock of four hundred and fifty thousand dollars is likely to be on too extensive and expensive a scale to carry on business economically in the interests of tho producers of poultry in Canada. He does not recommend farmers to invest in the stock of the company.
1901: usa:usa:~Throughout Canada there are thonds and thond* of -aomen who
1901: Write for our interesting book* ‘~'inrent, 'or s Help " and " How you are swindled/* Send usa rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will lei! you free our opinion as to whether it i* probably patentable Rejected sppllcations have often been successfully prosecuted »v us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and w ashington ; thisqualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents
1901: Canada::~A ship cin.e into port the other d.y PROVINCE OF QUEBEC, with no less thhn nineteen tt jwaways m Municipality of Clarendon Unrd, w hoexp a ned that the advertise Public Notice Ls hereby given,that there merit# that they hai seen concerning will be held on Monday the Eighth day of  had induced them to atta' a paa.- ' Ju|)"'?"® thousand vight hundred hud
1901: England:usa:~will have to suffice for all pm .see agriculture, roads, houses, parks, those letters, nor anything but the I railways, and so on, Mr. Schooling signature "FondeiiniaM below a few flftys that when the globe's popula-words stating the amount enclosed, tion reaches this density, which is which is always a Hank of  | about one thond persons to the
1901: Canada:usa:~going to  to inspect all the U on the Stock Ex- live stock before they are sent over, change, and elsewhere, agod men are The Model Dairy barn is situated clinging to places held by them since J near the East Amherst gate, and is they were young. And now that flta- a centre of attraction to those int is tics amply prove that there is a teres kod in agriculture, and a matter lull in the airth-rutc, there is fur- of curiosity to city people Here it ther ground for supposing that the hB proposed to care for and feed the old men will not budge. In 18781 cows, and prepare their product for tho birth-rate was 115.0, in 1899 it the market in as nearly an Ideal sunk to 29.a per thond—the low- way M possible ¦¦¦~ est recorded birth-rate for England, be found the herds of five cows each Then, again, men and women are living longer than they did. Medi- Viz
1901: usa::~Make  short visit while in town the
1901: Ottawa, Aug. 28.—~The Public Works Department have ordered twenty thousand Chinese lanterns from Pans, France, for use in various parts of Canada at the time of the Royal visit next month. These lanterns were ordered some time ago, and are expected shortly.
1901: *..v viitoinmiiicuii gneu in onion «~ I e i	* . *. 1L children I W. (irant, of Bristol paid usa flying Harold Beckett 4.
1901: usa:England:~|lanpy. The best proof of I'rove it by recommendations from Liverpool has a gasometer which is is the high praise all mothers physicians and thonds of testi- ih(J large8t in . It holds 8,-
1901: France:usa:~is carefully tended untl, the party is ' c]ay pipC entered tho crowded inn of iarg,, cxt<nt in ; the centre of is carefully tended until the party is ft gaarket town, walked up to the thjs industry is Lyons, but in many about to be married, when it is cut ^ar, elbowed several customers ft- 0f the departments the chestnut nf-down and made into an article of 6ide> took a match from the match- fords work for thonds of people furniture for the new homo. The gtaud on the counter, and then walk- q he chestnuts grown are of various custom might well be introduced into cd out without saying a word.	kinds and sizes. The two distinctive
1902: London. February 25. - In the House of commons today, the Ri^ht Hon. J. W. Mellor, Liberal member lor the S •~*-erby division of York hire, presented s petition 'from the colony of .Victoria, besting 1*8,866 signature*, protesting against any attempt to tamper with the a a'utory declaration of the King < n hia to the throne under the bill of rights. Mr. Mellor presented other peii-ti ns t#> a like effect from the colonies of Now Zealand, Canada and the West Indies and British subject* in India, China, Jerusalem and the ontinent of Europe aud within England itself to the number of 284,647 ; from Scotland, 66, 000 ; Iieland, 16,000, and Wales, 6,
1902: England:usa:~After living among the Baga ida for n long time Sir Marry Johnston has recently returned to . He has some interesting facts to tell about these hundreds of thond^ of people who live on the shores of the greatest African lake.
1902: Russia:usa:~in honor of the patron saint of what Doddfs Kidney Pills have I months confined to my room, and . Its members, of which there (lono fo|. Mr Chnrtrand they have for two years could not dress myself are about thirty, are all monks, and d/)no for thonds of others, and without help. Your agent gave me are chosen from the best voices in, ^ do tho same for you if you a bottle of MINARD'S LINIMENT
1902: Canada:United States:~List year the Australians and New Zealanders shipped 72,000,000 lbs. of frozen meat. During the same period Canada only exported 10,000,000 pounds to the motherland. The contribution of the United States was 408,000,000 pounds, in the face of such evidence one can only conclude that the Canadian Minister of Agriculture ii asleep. Australasia, with the disadvantages of nn ocean voyage of thousands of miles end droughts which render her pastures worthless, has out stripped  seven times. The , operating under conditions similar to those prevailing here, cutsell us forty tunes. And the worst feature of the situation is that the Ottawa authorities are ignorant as to cim mon places of the meat trade
1902: Germany:usa:~the four long avenues which stretch 11 1S believed that V ranee was protestant Reformed religion cs-from Buckingham Palace to Spring beaten by  in 18.0, purely tablislied bv the law Gardens, for it was in this park	through the inexcble ignorance of
1902: According to the Tunes, the testimony of competent witnesses show, “that if something is not done to check the swamping inflow of foreigners pauperism must expand to a dreadful extent and many will be driven tofHHIHflHI of living, who are now earning an honest i hood |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||i|||||||||||||||| Russian and Polish Jews and other continental. undesirables are undermining British labor and leading to the introduction of appalling “~sweat ' systems. And while Great Britain is endeavoring to combat the immigation monster, the Canadian Government are actually paying the passages to Canada of just such classes as the British wish to rid themselves of. This policy can only have one result—the debasement of Canadians, many of whom would be glad to take advantage of such assistance as is being meted out to the hordes of semi • civilised lands of Europe, but the government turns a deaf ear to any appeals in behalf of our compatriots. Canadians would be an ornament to our country, but instead of assisting them to return to their native land, those in power at Ottawa are driving thousands of our young men abroad to make way for aliens morally and physically diseased. Is it any wonder that the medical fraternity have raised their voices in protest against such policy ?
1902: cannot leave Stamboul too soon. Were	'(>od* *vet»~	beta usa	the duck hns
1902: Spain::~cance, and Doctor Jack, for perhaps	not forget that she is of , and i	They reach the rope—the bent cy-	economically with good pasturage	tablishod and proven fact that near-	withstand	rough usage and	violent
1903: usa:Canada:~gm bec after the holidays to replace either cans are spending hundreis of thonds Chief Justice Sir L. N. ( -isault or Mr. of dollars to avert the very disasters that Juitue ( aron.	I  ihowers forth millions to encour-
1903: Canada::~in the large cities of , loath I Eight guinea pigs, inoculated with Western A«surance company and other eorne eye and ecalp diseases have been tuberculosis bacilli», were separated into Canadian corporations. His story te a retirin'.? established by the refuse popula- two groups of four each. These of one markable one. At the hospital he repletion uf Central Europe. The Canadian . <roup were treated to applications of aented himself aa destitute and he begged government was repeatedly asked to put high frequency elec ncal currents from * car ticket to reach the hoapi al a stop to the free entry of affected per- ' Ouiin res mat or. A pole was fastened went under the name of Zilinski and was tons, but Hon. Cliffoid Sifton persist oily to iron piste, covered with a thick placed in a public ward on an order from r jfusad to intervene, urging that the I P&d, and standing on the pad th« pig* and at the expense of the city. Hvmm abases complained of existed only in the ! received a part of the current by indue- was HO years old, a Russian Jew and had minds of the complainants. The situa- j tton. The other four animals were been a beggar amongst the Jewish com-Lion became so acute, however, that the allowed to live cr die without any at inUnity here for 25 years. Last sprite Minister of the Interior wse forced to sp- tempt being made to cure them. Of the |fce Jewish society investigated his point a medical superintendent of iiomi P'g* not treated the first d ed in 16 days ftnd learned that he was wealthy but this giation, and station examining officers at the second in 17 days, the third and knowledge had been confined to a few
1903: usa:France:~Q It is a peculiar point that fine weather is responsible for thonds of deaths each year. An area of high barometer is dreaded by colliery owners, for tho danger of explosions of firedamp is greatly increased Tfbcn atmospheric pressure is great-The shocking accident at St. Etienne, in , when 184 lives were lost, was due to a sudden increase in pressure, and every year in the course of a twelvemonth. | there are similar losses of life. Warmer countries, of course, suffer to a greater extent.
1903: Usa::~Give  Trial.
1904: England:Canada:~formerly r f Liverpool, , aud who Crowe, formerly of Ottawa, are under ar-has been a resident of  for iho|resfc at ^aul: Ste- ™arie« Ont., on the A forty thousand dollar tiro occurred at paît «even year», [il.adod guilty yesterday charge of hotdii « up another lumberman Rideau flail, the vice-re'gal reaidenco oo before Magietrate Tn rney" to stealing $701 n»,0«d McCormick in a local hotel and re- Sundiy morning.
1904: 1? Oh. of course I shall be too; but then it's the man’s part to bear up— the woman's to grieve. Here's the task I’ve set you, Jim. I want you to do all that you can-all that lies brother thought in your power—~to lessen the pain of the parting for her. Tell her that three years will pass like a lightning flash; that hearts can brat as true across six thousand miles of sea as ever they did in England'; tell her— oh. you know what to tell her! Cheer her up, and don't make it any harder for me than you run help."
1904: usa:Canada:~of nearly ten thond, the population tho outlook and will recommend people a leper will be ordered from the Lazaretto having more than doubled during tho last fioin his count y emigrating to  completely cured. Tins week, Lousiana four year?, and he has the idea thit r is to locate there. The two gentlemen Lepers’ homo at Indian Camp wdl dingoing to maintain it? preient rale of visited not only Nipissing but Vi le Marie, charge one of its patient», a Creole boy, growth. A million dollars’ worth of Baie dee Peres and other points on the a native of New Orleans, aged 15, who buildings were bt-ing put up last ye^r, | Quebec side. Inquiries made show the ; has been eflVeted with leprosy for four and the indications are that this will be | land 10 lo particu'aily fertile From 20 j years and has been under treatment at
1904: Korea:usa:~>n 's shores. Now thev have wounded sat outside conversing with e(* buream racy. A pet  o
1905: Canada:usa:~As usual, there will he trotting nt d ruin ing races in connection with the Central  Fair. September 8th >e ltiih. There will be events on the lltl-, 12th, 13th and 14th, for which over t*o thond do) at in pursvt are offered. On the 15th there will be a pony race, and in addition a large number of athletic events. Altogether the sporting program of the fair thii year is the best arranged.
1905: USA::~30,000 * TICE CALL OF
1905: usa::~I noticed from the  of the pills member of the legal	profession, hut
1906: usa:Canada:~We are the largest and oldest company of the kind tinder the British flag, and have covered thonds of the best buildings throughout  making them	*
1906: Canada:usa:~An important departure has been decided on by the directors of the Ventral  fair, and it is one that doubtless will please the thonds of little children in Ottawa. Monday and Friday have been named children's days and on Monday every child will be admitted free. The free admission means everything, grounds, grand stand and the performance in Howick hall.
1906: usa:Canada:~We are the largest and oldest ccompany of the Irind under the British flag, and have covered thonds of the beat buildings throughout , making thorn
1906: usa:Canada:~We are the largest aud oldest ccompany of the kind under the British flag, and have covered thonds of the best buildings throughout , making thorn
1907: Canada:usa:~upon the report of the late Robert on the said debenture loan and to of  at its SbawviU, uml- one ^ond nine hundred Surtees. Civil Engineer, that such provide likewise for the redemp- Branch.
1907: Japan:usa:~On# of the oddest farms in the world N to be seen m  a farm fi r which a crop of tens of thonds of snapping turtles Is shipped every year.
1907: usa:Canada:~We are the largest and oldest ccompany of the kind under the British flag, and have covered thonds of the best buildings throughout , making them
1907: usa:Canada:~We are the largest and oldest ("company of the kind under the British flag, and have covered thonds of the best buildings throughout , making them
1907: usa:usa:~I of the Massey' - Harris cony Mr. Win. Moore, merchant of ha- taken over the agency of Otter Lake, paid  call while in , concern in this town in succession town last Friday. Mr. Moore, who to Mr. W. J. Stark, hi- had :i I mid in t he sheen l my ing business tins fall, informed u* that + the number of lambs picked tip in the north country last week totalled nearly one thond. This number augmented by other flocks picked un in Vann and Shaw ville neighIxnipxMIs made up one of the largest Tnipineiits ever caned at this |Hiint. Prices ranged from $4.50 to f l.OO per 10U pounds.
1907: should lot" it, his days would	lx? very	inclusion l he sapient	|o!ice	had	1 llf‘~ cns,N Die taking of intoxicants lo	tienne I skins Nvlth n sa usa je machine,
1907: usa:Canada:~We ere the largest and oldest ccompany of the kind under the British flag, and have covered thonds of the best buildings throughout , making them
1907: RUSSIA:USA:~THE V.M.C.A. IN ! DIAMONDS ARE REPLACED THE ZULRE FIGHTERS
1908: usa::~I am pod  a the hour*. II
1908: kk! slKiuld to made rich, red and The guard inns of It c La in be’~h Work puiv purgatives cannot do this, \\hut ho usa have deeded to scud thirty pan
1908: usa:England:~One thond four hundred of the pluml# gal lu rod in Cuba w ere shipped to , and the remaining 1.HU0 te New York, as it is the intention of the promoter of Ujo schema to open u station there before long. Despite tlie fact that every c ire und attention was g.ven to the 1,400 plants on their arrival at Denmark Hill, only one Ls now alive. If tlie plants themselves have not thrived the seeds brought home by the party have struck, and at the promut time tlferc rre now some 1,8% west! er-ptents et this unique observatory.
1908: usa:Canada:~They have done this for thonds of women throughout , "h> not for you Î
1909: usa:Canada:~The Dominion Government has c< ntn hu ei one hundred thond dollars to the relief of the Italian earthquake Mufferera. It is expected that the contri butions in  and the l ni ted S'ates for this object will amount to several millions of dollars.
1909: usa:Canada:~It is poor consolation to needy consumptives to say that the Government should make provision for the thonds who suffer and die from tuberculosis in  every year.
1909: Canada:usa:~As the situation is to-day, what would be the fate of many consumptives in  were it not for the two Homes for Consumptives in Muskoka that during the past eleven years, against, many odds, have cared for upwards of three thond patients in j the earlier stages of the disease, whilst in the two sister institutions, on the banks of the Humber, those in the more advanced stages are treated.
1909: usa::_ thond responsibilities of some great commercial undertaking “old-young man" — an ever-present feature in the street scenery of the huge American cities — is seldom if ever conspicuous in the life of the ¦~ Canadian towns and countryside. In his place, Canada has the young-old man, of whom Frechette's pioneer who hud given 50 years of his labor
1909: usa:France:~Death of Woman Mho Spoke to the and they should be in their places | Duelling Leagie, and t e crde jttg jn Bome parts of . These Suddenly one of them stops and
1909: usa:England:~Tremendous force is required to drive electric waves a thond miles, and we are unaware of any like force in the brain. But recent discoveries have shown that almost illimitable forces exist unrecognized ail about us for instance, of the energy locked up in a bit of radium, an energy utterly unguessed by science until a few years ago. Granted the ex istence of a power in the brain to affect the surrounding ether, and it would not be very difficult to find a physical explanation of such phenomena as thou# that are attracting so much attention in .
1909: It is poor consolation to needy enn-f.iuipiives to say that tiv» Government sii«»~u:d make provision for tho thousands who suffer and die from tuber-cuioiid in Canada every year.
1909: As the situation is to-day, wlmfc 1 be tho fate of many con»~unip-in Canada were it not for the two Homes for Consumptives in Muskoka that during the past eleven years, -gainst, many odds, have cared for upwards of three thousand patients in earlier stages of the disease, v.h;l-fc in the two sister institutions, on the hanks of the Huml>cr, those in the more advanced stages are treated.
1909: usa:United States:~The population of the three prairie provinces has increased about three hundred thond in the last three years, about half of the new settlers being from the .
1909: usa:Canada:~Thonds of men throughout  are suffering to-day from a deplorable failure of strength without knowing that they are the victims of nervous exhaustion.
1909: United States:usa:~The microscope in Hie hands of experts employed by the  Government has revealed the fact that a house fly sometimes carries thonds of disease germs attached to its hairy body. The continuous use of Wilson’s Fly Pads will prevent all danger oi Infection from that source by killing both the germs and the flies-
1909: usa:Canada:~CUMULATED by Tuberculosis that would bring hope ^ the success of a and joy and gladness to thonds of vearago the National homes and communities in all parts of Sanitarium Associa- .
1909: usa:Canada:~CTIMULATBD by Tuberculosis that would bring hope the success of a and joy and gladness to thonds of yearago the National homes and communities in all parts of Sanitarium Associa- .
1909: Canada:usa:~corner of , thond* will r,a*f that some Directors, owing to	Z*
1910: Canada:usa:~The peat resources of  will be developed along systematic lines under the 7e of officials of the Dominion Government gas producing plant, to test the value of peat, has been established in Ottawa. In Gloucester and Cumberland townships, 8 miles from Ottawa, are 5,000 acres of peat bog, and thonds of acres are known to exist close to rail-
1910: usa::~Just give  call and see. Our
1910: usa:England:~Torrential raina in France of late have caused one of the moat disastrous floods in the history of the country, involving property losses of over two hundred mil ions of dollars, and causing untold distress and misery among hundreds of thonds of po pie. Vrgeut relief measures have been undertaken in  and other countries to meet the | terrible situation.
1910: middle life the hra,#Ji and happiness of every woman depends upon her blood, its richness and its regularity. If her blood supply is irregular she suffers from headaches, backaches, kid* aches, and other unspeakable distress which only women knew. Sense women have grown to expect this suffering at regular intervals and to bear it in hopeless silence would escape much of this misery il they took a box or two of Dr. Williams’~ Pink Pills to help them over each critical period Pills actually make new blaod. They hein a woman just when nature makes the greatest demand upon her bleod supply. They have done this for thousands of women throughout Canada, why not for you Î
1910: usa:Canada:~There are thonds of mothers throughout  who have hesitation in saying that the good Incise is essential to good health, health enjoyed by their little ones Go to bed early and bleep with is entirely due to the judicious use the windows open, of Baby’s Own Tablets. And there	Never sleep in a damp bed.
1910: valuable plate», ft Tfffc% ©~ollection of costly ornaments for churches in Lower Canada and £10,000 in specie in box«~*, each box containing one thousand sovereigns. ' A large portion of this money belonged to the Government, and muon of it was intended to be used in paying tins troops in Canada. Some of tin gold was for the Canadian banks.
1910: are not a new and untried remedy—~ our grandfathers used them century ago, before Confederation, they were on sale in nearly every drug or general store in the Canada of that day, and were the recognized cure in thousands of liomes lor Constipât ion. Indigestion, Biliousness, Rheumatism • and Kidney and Liver Troubles. Today they are just as effective, jest as reliable as ever, and nothing better has yet been devised to
1910: ready f<»~i all holiday occasions. want to know how much you will medicinally hv ( 1) powdering (i.e., United States, and several thousand * be same position ns regards the Turkish villages. This was in March n/e Angel 1* viKi. Nine ,ai» require. For the lighter shades, by grinding); (2) calcination (by fire in South America, to whose broad I consumption of wheit by the Pl‘ao-	and it was the last straw that
1910: usa::a tonic to give it strength. And in The louder the pious putting the There are thonds of just such a|<y’~ng a tightly stretched wire or all the world there is no better less the heavenward hauling.	living proofs in Canada that Dodd's string swinging its tail from side
1911: usa:Canada:~ire. aged by tens of thousands of which have withstood a thousand over the valley. The forest is hid- ified time the Russian courts-mar-1 The 46th statement of the Union they are ready enough for political fears. And here again we wait storms, and tossing them upon its don, the hills are gone, the sun is tial have hanged three thond Bank of , submitted at the transactions	. ,
1911: England:England:~disease among bees which has ruin ed thousands of apiarie* on the Continent and in  1904, and which hase been especial ly virulent in  within the ^ ? j last few months, may prove to be a form of the bubonic plague which has wrought such devastation among human beings.
1911: For a score of years Dodd’~s Kidney Pills have been in use in Canada. They have been tried in thousands of cases and there is not on record a single case where they have failed to cure diseased Kidneys. Thousands of Canadian men and women will tell you they owe their good health to Dodd’s Kidney Pills.
1911: usa:Canada:~Tharies Sheldon, the blind pool artist, who victimized thonds of Canadians la>t year, through his operations in Montreal, was nabbed last week in Pittsburg, Pa., and will likely be brought back to , when he runs the gauntlet of several charges that have cropped OH against him across the
1911: usa::~3% SS^ZSl  “RX
1911: Mr. George E. Foster, speaking to the «~lectors of North Toronto, said that Canada, more than reciprocity with the United States, needs more reciprocity between the provinces. This is good eense ; and when the Conservatives get into power at Ottawa they can do something to get what is needed by repealing ?he muddling trade restrictive clauses of the Fisher law which permits a meat packer in Ottawa to sell and ship meat a thousand miles to Kenora, in Western Ontario, without restriction, but forbids I STKKL LOCK ALL 1U>VNI> ami him shipping a ham over the river to Hud CLKA F SHINGLKS are : -
1911: --1 d un point près de Kippawa dans le Comté de Pontiac dans un *2 direction nord-ouest a un point sur 801 ja Rivière des Quinze dans la dite Comteé et Province de Québec, pour se rejoindre avec la branche du chemin de fer du Pacifique Can-76 adieu à ou près de Kippewa dans la dite Province ; pour construire 571 et operer des lignes de Télégraphe et Téléphoné et de charger pour leur usage ; de faire des arrange-82 nients avec d'autres compagnies, avec les autres pouvoirs usuels et mm I ordinaires, et que les travaux à >7 être construits soient déclares être 76 J pour l'avantage géné~ral du Canada. 4 Daté A Ottawa ce 12me jour de Septembre, 1911.
1911: Germany:usa:~The Kaiser conies next to his Holi- Zobe to his work ness. The ruler of  receives about seven thond five hundred postal communications daily. This, of course, does riot include purely private diplomatic despatches. Closely following him what
1911: France:Germany:~Thousands have no doubt read the commendable articles recently appearing in some of the leading American and Canadian papers on the use of alum in baking. Until the Dominion Government follows the lead of England,  and  and prohibits the use ol alum in fo<*ls, there is hut one safeguard against alum, and that is to buy only a baking-powder which has the ingredients plainly stated on the label.
1911: A VIS est par le present donne ¦ü. qu’~application sera fait au Parlement du Canada, A sa prochaine session pour un acte pour incorporer une compagnie de chemin de fer le nom de “ La Compagnie du Chemin de Fer de la Rivière des Quinze & d’Ottawa,” avec pouvoir de tracer, construire, v<|iiipei' et opérer une ligne de chemin d'un point près de Kippawa dans le Comté de Pontiac dans un direction nord-ouest a un point sur la Rivière des Quinze dans la dite Comteé et Province de Québec, pour se rejoindre avec la branche du chemin de fer du Pacifique Canadien à ou près de Kippewa dans ladite Province; pour construire et opérer des ligues de Télégraphe Telephone et de charger pour leur usage ; de faire des arrangements avec d’autres compagnies, avec les autres pouvoirs usuels et ordinaires, et que les travaux tV
1911: England::~Postmaster General Frank Hitchcock has done what  failed to do— obviated the necessity of thousands of bookkeepers for the new postal savings banks. He was put up against the task of opening 40,000 small banks
1912: usa:England:~Une hundred and aixty thond Lancashire () weaver# quit work la#l week owing to a disagreement with their employer». The lockout invokes a lose in wage# of |8O0,0UU weekly.
1912: riches would have laid her path World. Says the War Minister. •~ amount of study which used not to with velvet. She would have kept Lord Haldane, opening a new be given to those things. It was re-her promise to me if I had had, drill hall at Gateshead, England, on quisite to have the. whole of the sav, five thousand a year, instead of the 27th ult., said : With regard to Array organized in great divisions being a poor devil of an attache. 1 the regular Artillery their new how-wish now I had never seen, her, itze.r waa the finer t, in the whole never gone to Fortune's Court ; but world, and the Territorials would 1 shall not forget thc lesson she has have the howitzers formerly used by taught me. I shall not be in a hur-1 the Regulars. The Regulars were
1912: usa:France:~Thonds follow them on the march, cheering the flag. The old spirit of anti-militarism, which was fostered by the socialists, has almost disappeared. It is recognized that the Poincaire ministry is the most truly representative  has had in many years, although it is even now rumored that the present prime minister will not remain 20 power long. If he relinquishes his place—which the best opinion regards as doubtful—he will probably give wav to Briand, who would retain many of the present cabinet.
1912: !ur l}l° betterment of public roads •* Reminiscence»~, of a Sojourn at St. James*, Leslie b.v borrowing the sum of ten a Hudson Hay Post ' by Frank tr.ousaud dollars, to be devoted to Houghton, the opening iminber in mueadomizing certain main roads the July issue of Rod and bun in in that municipality, it is hoped Canada (W. J. Taylor, Limited, the ratepayers of Clarendon will. Publisher, Woodstock, Out ) condo likewise. There are several I tains an interesting comparison roads in the township, which the ! between the characters of the existing system ol statute labor is whitemau and the Indian, illus-luterly inadequate to keep in the tinted in the almost quixotie hou-condition they should be kept in. est y displayed by Clarendon is the most i»u|>ortant nung ” when temptation, in the municipality m the county, and guise of imminent starvation, siiouiii Iw» the leader in all matters might well have proved overpower-jH-rtauMUg to the advancement of ing. A profusely illustrated eham tfiis district. A rural district can ter of the |H>|>uIar continued have no greater boon than good article, The Culture of Black and roads.	iSilver Foxes'* is another feature
1913: usa:England:~This is a picture of the H. M. 8. Berwick, an armored cruiser of about nine thond tons, stationed at Chatham, , on which nineteen naval cadets who have graduated from the naval college at Halifax, N S., will take further training. They leave on February 1.
1913: usa:Canada:~Fifty-three thond loads of hewn wood arrived from .
1913: usa::~Still under the ahadow of "rmigbh- " tactic»
1913: England:usa:~How Meals Were Prepared In  Thond* of Years Ago.
1913: England:usa:~( >ne of the ways in which men of science have got information about the way that people lived in  thonds of years aqo, is by finding and examining thvir camp ing places. Sometimes they find the»»* places accidentally, but often a low mound by s spring colored patch in a plowed catch the eye of the experienced relic hunter. If he digs dowp a few inches or feet, he will uncover a circle or layer of atone# that show the marks of fire ; usually there will be bite of charcoal among them, for charcoal is one of the most indestructible of substances.
1914: The term “~Made in Ormany" is more prevalent at Christmas than nt any other time. If Germany'# boast l>c true, nine tenths of the soldiers commanded by youthful Kitcheners and Robertses are supplied by her, while some four rail*; lion dolls emigrate annually from the Fatherland to Rritieh nurseries. The little town of Kunneberg, in the Duchy of Saxe Meiniugen, is the huge toyshop where most of these nro made. Thousands of people—~men, women, and children re here engaged in devising and making toys. Indeed, the apirit of Christmas is now here more oherish-od than in Germany, whose forest# of Christmas-trees would make even old Scrooge s imagination sparkle! Unfortunately, the toy-makers of Sonnebe vg are very poorly paid foi their work. A man and his family, working sixteen hours a day, may not earn more than St.60 a week be-twN*r them, while at a recent exhibition there were displayed flon-neberg toys made at th* rate of
1914: Canada:usa:~today Referring to , the speaker said that the increase of the biith rate in I warts on Sunday Ontario to 2f> per thond had been |
1914: United States:usa:~Larabie s turf career has been exceptionally brilliant, and his record in the show ring has been marked with phenomenal success. He has won some great races at Detroit, Cleveland, New York, Rohes ter, and other places in the . To the breeder, who is exceptionally interested in trotting stock, the history of this great horse's accomplishments is well worth perl.
1914: Lust for adventure and itch for gain die hard in the breast# of Britishers. Some time this June there •ails from an English port one more gallant ship’s company of adventurer’»—~their objective the precious yellow nuggets, concerning which the rumor of centuries throws its romantic, alluring glamor over the scarcely known, frozen fastnesses of Baffin land, North-eastern Canada. The gold seeker» whom ( apt. Munn will lead away from England’s shore, whilst not disdaining to traffic with the Esquimaux for their peltry, only look upon the aspect of their deliberate plunge into the sub arctics a* a mean# of defraying part of the expedition’s cost, placed at over One Hundred Thousand Dollars, it is gold that furnishes the real lure. To confirm reports of valuable specimens of the glistening metal that at various times have into the I panda of -early navi
1914: Canada:usa:~ditions in  are likely to be im- thond dollar*.
1914: England:usa:~What all Europe is fighting about is not worth the life of a single soldier already killed ; no wrong has been committed against any nation that the war can alleviate, and, so far as known, only , and Belgium, whose territory has been invaded, have the slightest cause for war. Even the lives of the Archduke of Austria and his consort did not call for the sacrifice of the lives of the thonds of his own people. Thus the war assumes the aspect of fratricial hor
1914: England:usa:~In this belief arrangements have teen gium. Because of the alarm over air made for the shipment of Canadian *hip raids to which  would be horses from the port of Montreal at the exposed should the Germans establish a rate of one thond a week until next permanent base in Ostend, the British May This enormous quantity of ani- “ Sailor Soldiers have teen sent to mais is required for the British trans- Ostend to re inforce the Belgians now
1914: Montreal Star “New Zealand " was in the firing line yesterday (Friday) and helped to the victory. New Zealand feels a thousand times repaid for her contribution. The New Zealand ship by strengthening the navy in the North Sea to that extent helped Britain to clear the trade route of both oceans, and to protect Canada’~s sea cents All Canadians hope that Canada in the not far distant future will have in the British fleet these ships—the M New Brunswick.* the “ Nova Scotia,” the Prince Edward Is land,”~ and the British Columbia,*1 representing our Maritime Provinces. What cheers would have gone up today in Canada if her ships had been sharing the glory with little New Zealand.
1914: is about 30,000 men. The 23 corps, j ™~ conquers I usaia and France or	proof 0f it
1914: usa:Canada:~a Canadian corporation with over three thond employees, is manufacturing and distributing refined oils, gasolines and lubricating oils in  for Canadian trade. With its two large refineries
1915: usa:England:~cont ra brand goods (tom crossing the Atlantic but there are thond* of persons in  who rein e inf bet “the cotton famine” from
1915: Professor J. H. Morgan h«~A j translated into the English Ian-) guage The German War Book, a i manual of usages in war on land issued by the General Staff of the German aroiy. This is the most 1 autlioriVative work of its kind in| Germany. There is a reference in the introduction to “humanitarian considerations which not inf re-/ <1 uvntly degenerate into sentimentality and flabby emotion.
1915: It is not difficult to map a very much improved Dutch fruntiet along the Kms, and thence striking down to the Rhine and meeting the iron country on the left bank of the Rhine, whose annexation and exploitation is Belgium's legitimate compensation fur her devastation and sufferings Here are the makings «~if a safer Greater Holland! Thousands of Dutchmen must he looking on the map at the present time and think ng su oh things as this. There, clearly and attractively, is the price of alliance.
1915: Canada::~at home iu dealing with many of been busy in connection with the 14mce, and everything possible done A memorial service in comtuem-the troubles that the farmers in local wool crop, giving demon-1 for her relief, the shock to her oration of  * fallen heroes, this district have brought to bis «Dations in shearing, etc., in system-naturally delicate - was was held on Parliament Hill on notice. This is his second address different parU of the county. The too great, and ahe suecombed after Thursday morning laat Rev. Dr. at Bhawville on an occasion of method he recommends for pre-laperiod erf much enfferinf. Much Herridge was the preacher. Over this kind, and the hor^mon seem- paring wool for the market, le sympathy i* felt for the family 2000 soldier* in uniform and severed to appreciate his remarks very somewhat of a revolution as com- ,mdei the particularly sad circum- al thousand citizens were in atten-amch.	j pared with the old way.	I stances.	dance	¦ a a
1915: Germany::~of  is the most autocratic *‘\Ve must not, therefore, accept in Europe ; that the people of Ger- the German view that his war is many do not know w hat political really waged to resist a new irrup-nnd social liberty is. He ad<ls ti«>n of the barbarians into Europe, without reserve that “Germans do it. js Ult,rv than doubtful whether not know how free peoples regard t|ie Kusaians are barbarians. It is the sanctity of contract, not only nuire than doubtful whether the for husmes# puvp«	but for
1915: England:usa:~These boots were worn by our soldiers on active service both in this country and in the training camps in . They were subjected to the most severe ge that hoots could he subjected to. They travelled over rough roads and smooth. They waded through mud and through slush past all description. They were soaked by the never-ceasing rains of an abnormally wet English winter. They were baked on hot stoves, grilled on steam radiators and roasted before open fires. Yet, THEY STOOD THE TEST.
1915: RUSSIA:usa:~FREIGHT SERVICE TO  Court for Manitoba, were present	It is gratifying to note after a per---------------	! The Annual Reports of the various i of the reports of all the officers,
1915: Canada:Canada:~Most people know that the Canadian Pacific Railway traverses over eleven thousand miles of country in , encounters even tropical and iretie weathers; cuts its way through the rugged and difficult country along the shores of Lake Superior; crosses the endless prairies of the west; and finally runs through the glories of the Canadian Rockies where the road in some places has been hewn out of the mountain sides under towering peaks; through great canyons; and in other places tunnels and piral rails have to be negotiated, all necessitating care in operation. But in spite of all these difficulties the Canadian Pacific has not killed a single passenger in a train accident during the past two years, which is a record  can place against the recent boast of the Pennsylvania Railroad not having killed a passenger in three years. Especially so when it is considered that the latter road has not the same climate conditions to face and the easy country through which it traverses.
1915: fits—~it has taught French women self-reliance in the struggle that goes on outside their own homes, and taught Frenchmen esteem for the many, abilities of their women. There are tions and high standard of morals, has many thousands of women who for passed away. Its place has been tak-the past year have conducted the en by a Germany one of whose prin-businesses of their husbands in the c{pal national characteristics is exmarket or on the farm, and among treme vindictiveness, and a catholic them, alas! are those who must con- capacity for hating other nations. Ac-tinue to do so when peace comes, cording to the testimony of all || These women in this dreadful year patent observers the hatred for Eng-have learned to know the world of af land which existed before the war fairs, and so have their sisters of the exceeded anything which we could poorer classes, doing man's' work in bave believed possible. It has, of the factory or the fields.	course, now been increased tenfold.
1916: England:usa:~| At the Central Criminal Court in London, , before Judge Ren-toul, Herbert Read, 41, carman, was sentenced to eighteen months* imprisonment with hard labor and John Crack, carman, to six months' imprisonment in the second division, for stealing and receiving one thond pairs of socks which were in course of conveyance from a railway station, to an army clothing depot.
1916: usa:England:~that he saw, the masses guns, and munitions, he adds you have seen the colossal machine ed unproductive until the last house working, when you have heard the was visited. Here, after the place song of thonds of guns and the had been ransacked from cellar to calm words of confidence from officers attic, hhe inspector bent down and and men, you believe  invin- tapped the floor.
1916: Canada:usa:~end form a grenr barrier dividing  into two distinct areas of peopled land. All who have passed through this tract by train, however, know that it is filled with almost counties# beautiful lakes, and that it could be made a vast camping-ground for hundreds of thonds of persons during the summer. If a great trunk road were constructed through this district for vehicular travel, it would become a vast sanitarium for the worn-out business men of New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, and numerous other cities. It would be a sanitarium, however, in which nature would be the only doctor, and where men, instead of taking pills and all kinds
1917: Canada::~him that, in many cases, the suffering was due to lack of foresight. In  many people buy in small quantities—often only one ton. If, for any cause, there is a shortage of ï~oal, improvident householders dework started. After numerous dlffl- mand that the coal dealers do the culties and setbacks from time to mpossible, namely, that they supply Ume he produced a doll which. It Is fuel that is unobtainable. Whereas, claimed. Is better than those pro- lad they purchased their coal In the duced In Germany. The head is summer or autumn, there would be better and will stand much more impie supplies available, hard usage. One large wholesaler While some large consumers, stated that the doll Is excellent and such as manufacturers, cannot store will find a big market if the price Is j & six months' supply,
1917: FOR THE LAUNDRY—~flee directions on Parowax labels for its usa In valuable service in washing.
1918: Canada::~the southern frontier of  vhere w»s tit ^ Kates of Egypt through sick, waking him in the middle of the letting fly at a duck; and, just as in lhe country is brought under develon thv p,'°P°sed extensions of the rail- night by pawing at his door, because that fase* 1 ^ou,(1 a,m» IM>t my tar-ment and where the mi.n<e , road systems of Turkey in Asia her owner had taken her there a year gvt’ *’ut ralher where 1 instinctively roamed in thousands v.m will	through palestine to Cairo itself. And, before when she was sick as now? calculated that target would be when
1918: usa::We walked back when the service was over to the Y.M.C.A. That walk is a place of pilgrimage, where thonds of men and women will come after the war to pay tribute to the last resting place of their dead. “~Somewhere in France,” with brilliant-colored flowers over them. A joyous little garden nods over each man’s grave.
1918: usa::~Give  call
1918: WWjWWPilüiilPIBÜ~WIIlDispusBea vegetable gardening and sparkle, and the step becomes gi (tower gardening, dealing particularly and elastic. Thousands of girls throughout Canada owe their health and attractive appearance to Dr. WII Hams’ Pink Pills and do not hesitate to say so. Miss Jennie Book, Beams ville. Ont., says: —T suffered for over « two years from anaemia, and gradually grew very ill. 'Previously I had been strong and robust, but grew pale and a mere shadow of my former self.
1918: United States:Canada:~Since the act became operative, thirty thousand draftees have been secured, or will be, during the present month. Then there are upwards of 16,000 volunteers enlisted from Canada or the  since Sept. 1st, bringing ;he total reinforcements up to 47,000. If all these men had been brought to the colors as the direct result of the act, and if the proportions were equally distributed throughout , the result would be regarded as satisfactory. As matters now» stand, there Is urgent need for more men, in view of the Impending and tremendously vital conflict on the western front.
1918: United States:usa:~This concern, if located in the , would rank as one of the twelve largest out of some two thond shoe manufacturers there.
1918: usa:usa:~they drove their horses full- The known peat bogs of Canada, tilt against the German line. The 1st- covering about 86,000 square miles, ter held for a little and then sagged are estimated to be capable of proend broke and the British stormed during twenty-eight thond million their way clear through the wood to tons of air dried peat, which in fuel the eastern side, the enemy fleeing be- value would equal fourteen thond fore them. Behind them the ground million tons of a
1918: Canada:usa:~The first thousand Fordson tractors purchasable* from Henry Ford and Son by the  Food Board have been sold to Canadian Farmers, who wish to secure such tractors In future should place their orders with the Department of Agriculture in their own Province, and until further notice such orders will be handled in the same way^as the first thond.
1918: France::~"Well, well!" said Grandpa Sloan jQr j08R ^ue t0 Invasion, of the in the German prison camp conditions recovered in a few weeks; as it was, rich in coal is the country and the when he opened the door. What s j ten departments of Northern  were rather worse than better. There after years of neglect, dirt, semi- mines are the most productive in Aus-Aren’t you going to sleep 1,1 there reiffans a diminution of 1,600,000 were about twenty-flve thousand men starvation and hard work, I was in tro-Hungary.
1918: United States:usa:~Hon. Q. C. Robertson, Labor repre-lentatlve in the Government, stated in the House of Commons that an irrangement had been completed by he  Department of Labor and the Canadian Department )f Immigration and Colonization for the interchange of farm laborers. Several thond have already enter-»d the Canadian West under this irrangement.
1918: usa::~mm  is*
1918: usa:France:~German submarine? scored heavily again lust Wednesday when they sank one of the largest liners nfloat the Justifia, which was used as a transport, and was returning to America after delivering eight or ten thond V. S. Soldiers in . No lives were lot, it is reported.
1918: usa:Canada:~thonds or Urchaid trees need things by their proper names, stem-  as well as the eodlera of the TESTIMONIAL wpbwog-	|ach.”~	United States. Any man who tell.
1918: usa:Canada:~Women, too, by the hundreds of thonds, use it for relieving neuritis, lame backs, neuralgia, sick headache. Clean, refreshing, soothing, economical, quickly effective. Say "Sloan's Liniment" to your druggist. Made in . Get it today.
1919: usa::~Give  cal
1919: Italy:usa:~small box respirator was distributed to all troops. Of these respirators, 20,000,000 were made.  asked for them, and all her troops were supplied within two months that in the big attack in June, when the Austrians crossed the Have and fired hundreds of thonds of gas shells, the Italians had only two men killed by gas.
1919: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders on sale in live thond offices throughout .
1919: usa::Women, too, by the hundreds of thonds, use it for relieving neuritis, lame backs, neuralgia, sick headache. Clean, refreshing, soothing, economical, quickly effective. Say "Sloan's Liniment”~ to your druggist Mads in Canada. «_Gct it today.
1919: usa::Women, too, by the hundreds of thonds, use it for relieving neuritis, lame backs, neuralgia, sick headache. Clean, refreshing, soothing, economical, quickly effective. Say "Sloan’s Liniment” to your druggist. Mad»~ in Canada. « .Get it today.
1920: Sheep should form a part of the live stock carried on the average farm Just as well as cattle, lu—~see or swine. Enough unused pasture and roughage go to waste and weeds go to seed every year in Canada to produce hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth of mutton and wool. In 1871, there were 8,155,509 sheep In Canada and in 1911 according to the last census figures there were 2,174,300. This Is .an enormous decline in the Industry, when it Is realized that th«~ lesser number In Canada In 1911 were scattered over a much larger area, due to the opening up of the West.
1921: Usa::~Give  Call.
1921: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale in five thond throughout .
1921: usa:France:~stage. She tells him he mu year for her answer. Partin greatly disappointed to fin paltry thond pounds in the chest. He is relieved to discover later a large key and a parchment telling where the real treasure is hidden, (living Bax-ente a quaint locket and chain which he found in the chest. Partin govs to . By posing as an artist he gains admittance to the Chateau Chaux die, and in a secret vault finds an immense fortune in gems, gold and rare pictures. In the meantime Eddie Haver ton has become the man agi r of Stella Bonham's Un a,riva troupe and motors to Parched* r to ate her.
1921: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale In five thond offices throughout .
1921: usa:Canada:~truck. Then something happened. One in,K y we 1 nought a small tractor, with ^ nix-thond mile tour of  with a suspicious eye, and its support* day, shortly after harvest, he loaded two P^ow bottoms, and have used it convjncos me that that country not its among the farmers were all toe five tons of wheat on his truck, put- only	ft>r Plowing, pailvvrimng, and 0Rjy hag tkp grid's greatest farmers' few. Adventures in the same dxrec-
1921: usa:Japan:~In the great Hongwanjl Temple, at Kioto. Japan, arc preserved twenty-nine Immense ropes made of human hair. They represent voluntary offerings of tens of thonds of ese women.
1921: Canada:United States:~Six hundred thousand Canadian work era and two millions ot their dependent> look to the maintenance of the industries of  for their livelihood. I To take down the tariff bar* of tbi> country and admit, duty free, the surplus products of the tremendous, well-entrenched manufacturing industries of the , would crush the existence out of our home enterprises just as surely as night succeeds day, without one compensating advantage. To-day the V. S. tariff against Canadian products—especially farm products—is almost prohibitive, and tliere is not the remotest probability of its being lowered for years to come. Do people realize this when they give ear to the Crerar-Wootl free trade fallacy ? It not, they should look into the question closely before casting their votes.
1922: did that to see how he took it. But I 0ld nmn.'and pulled himself up in pain- ,goesv_ l^ï’ /.TJ th.x Lt nnJ fulks always arouse3 a despairing. Mme. Kaji Yajima. the “Grand Old lowing his novelty was on a wrong scent altogether. He fu] confusion as	ho realized the tragic \ thousand •^ 4«~'hall we eat?" from that liar-j Woman of Japan,” w^ho came to pre-	peari at the Royal Horticultural Hall
1922: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale In five thond offices throughout .
1922: USA::~H) Weet 24th Street New York .
1922: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale In five thond offices throughout .
1922: usa:United States:~the forests, and we cannot have the baby touched f - rand he he-employment created by the thonds came her f&lCMul friend, of wood-using industries unless we as- | VI hen her own cabin was built and sure the continuity of the forests. 1 furnished she held clasees there, and Mr. Gifford Plnchot, a leading forest ^he men gradually grew more orderly authority in the , recent- ln ,ier Pi**®!**
1922: Canada:usa:~It has been estimated that if all the cars that were registered in  up to the end of 1921 were placed end to end they would form a procession of 1,7G0 miles long. In other words the first car would be entering Winnipeg when the last one was just leaving Halifax. A conservative estimate of the annual gas consuming possibilities of these four hundred and sixty-nine thond or more vehicles places the figures at nine million gallons, which represents nil annual gasoline expenditure of approximately two and a half million dollars T" is estimated that this amount . gasoline was consumed last year, and that an
1922: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale in live thond offices throughout .
1922: usa:England:~The Crders introduced buckwheat into  from Amis.
1922: Dominion Express Money Orders are on «~tie in five thousand offices throughout Canada.
1922: usa:Canada:~pleasure in their perl ut the November issue of Hod and G tin in . The usual collection of stories, articles and features is
1923: usa:Canada:~and aoutib of the International Boundary are visited by scores of thonds of motorists every year.  has j some of the host of the scenery but
1923: Canada:usa:~When the bison disappeared from the western plaint of , the Indiana, about thirty thond In number, became a charge on the people of
1923: Some day there will be a holocaust ln- A good deal of our "tasting*’~ is done deed. The extent of the devastation by smell! The organs of smell con-in Eastern Canada will not be enumer- vey to the brain their opinion of our ated ln thousands of acres, nor ln food before true "tastes" operate at
1923: England:usa:~It was not until ten years had elapsed that further efforts were made to link  and America by cable, the work being carried out by the Great Eastern. Over a thond mllea of cable were laid; then a snap occurred, all attempts at picking up the lost cable being futile. Subsequently another cable was laid, the older cable afterwards being located and spliced. By the end of the seventies four cables were operating between the two countries, the total length of cable in use at the present time being over 250,000 miles.
1924: Korea:usa:~China, thanks to her long history, has been able to rid herself of the most dangerous animals; but in  a local species of tiger, perhaps the largest and fiercest in the whole family, annually kills 2,000 peasants. Siberia, again, is affected by the ravages of wolves and bears, whose victims run into thonds every year.
1924: usa::"Five thond Canadian forest Industries, with their half a million dependent»~ and two thousand towns, are propped up on nothing than spruce and pine and fir trees. Unless the people of Canada, who use the woods for work or play, stop this renegade buslneogof starting forest fires, Canada will be faced with an exodus-ff population which a century of effort will fail to remedy."—-Canadian Forestry Association.
1924: usa:Canada:~passed on, and her guide Informed her on sale ,n flv<? thond offices throughout .
1924: England:usa:~Regularly, month after month, some of these listed criminals try to slip through from the Continent and land in . How many succeed is unknown. But that the total number is only a small percentage of the failures is certain. The latest figures available show that, in twelve months. Just three short of two thond crooks were refused admittance to the country.
1925: USA::~If he only knew It, however, he shaves with a saw. Under the microscope we see that fhe edge of a razor ha/j very fine teeth, and the manufacturer 'S the microscope to Insure that these teeth are regular, thus giving a good shaving edge.
1925: usa:Canada:~Such separation can be secured by The clean, well-planned farmyard Is various means. A hedge of evergreens for clean orderly families Is perhaps the simplest and some- heaven, there are thonds of such times the best. An informal border f families In .
1925: usa::~Ancient Saylng-Ta, may I  car, please r
1925: England:usa:~Two miles north of the town of Salisbury, , Is an enormous heap of ruins which once composed the ancient town of Sarum, now known as "Old Sarum, a rotten boro." Sarum was founded by the Romans, became a considerable city and had a great bishop's castle. War came along and reduced the city to ruins, and everybody departed. In 1826 Lord Caledon paid sixty thond pounds for the whole thing, and from that time the "rotten boro" regularly returned two members to Parliament, the elections taking place on the field where the city hall once stood.
1925: Italy::~to the newborn babe. They are es- West Territories and Yukon Branch.  holds the European record with pèclally good In summer because they The Wood Buffalo park or reserve Is between forty and fifty yearly; Paris regulate the bowels and keep the i an unfenced area of ten thousand five has only twenty-seven. The Elglish stomach sweet and pure. They are ! hundred square miles, in which a herd rpcord varies, there being three times
1926: shot	from	a gun,	straight at a little	“~If our voices can carry thousands of	heart.	really had music. They are simply un-	barges from all parts of Holland and
1926: usa:England:~The treadmill was invented thonds of years ago by the Chinese to raise water for the Irrigation of the fields. The invention, somewhat changed, was Introduced Into  and other European countries and used In prisons as i mode of punishment One was crect-xi at Brixton Jail In 1817 and soon afterward In other prisons. Toward the end of the century, however. It fell into lieuse.
1926: usa::not high, only alx>ut elx thond dol-1 future This available power hue trial area of the Ottawa river, power during the war became the world’~s to the Canadian megn It*, Canada laree, In addition to the pliysloal effort I	means of attracting many baa been developed at Hawkesbury, leading individual producer.	ha* not b* en successful to any g ear,
1926: Buckley’~s Mixture used by hundreds of thousands of people throughout Canada is now procurable in two forms, “Strong” or “Modified”. Either kind acts like a flash on Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, and all affections of throat, chest and lungs. Positive and instant relief. One dose stops coughing.
1926: An ingenious method of encouraging the French to learn Englkh has been, adopted by the Radio Paris post of the Compagnie Française de Radiophonie. It is to begin a course in the English language by radio. It will be conducted by llertnain d’~llangcst, a professor at tho Lycee Condorcet and a well-known English scholar. Twice a week he will give Ilia lessons to all who care to listen In, and his pupils will probably be counted by hundreds of thousands, and perhaps by millions. English has become a popular language In France, and many people only require this little stimulus to apply themselves seriously to the mastery of the tongue.
1926: radio. And It Is even stronger than it j with the present announcers HH| For whsti finally becomes oor- are, as It happens, a splendid set of reel English Is likely to become equal- speak ly correct Canadian, and American, announcer of the London station, who and Australian. And the only way to addresses the largest permanent radio escape .these Muaaollnls of prpnuncla- audience in existence, la as well known lion In America, It would seem, would j as many great men are known In the be to set up a similar committee there, j flash. Ills EjiglitA is not too sing-i and to permit this committee to dom-, somgy, it escarre the affectations of inoer over all the announcers of all the the modem Oxford school. It Is rath hundred* of American •~stations. By ; nearer Harvard that Oxford. He talks sheer weight of numbers the usage of with ease and elegance, rarely stumb-110,000,000 American speakers of Rug J les over a phrase, speaks distinctly (Uh would carry tbs fl* d against Hie without over-clarity. Many of thorns tsage of 44,000,000 British speakers, who hear him every evening, tired as I ut is broadcasting fn America is not they are after the day's work, must l.kely to be centralised and national- feel that they bars a distinguished and li cd es In England, Dr. Bridges a*d aooompliahed visitor bsplde the hearth,
1926: England:usa:~Two years later they were found in and mere man mU8t ,ook to hls laur' notice how energetic they are, what a Banks Land, a large Island in the Arc- e*s- There is said to be a lack of ef- flne apj)etjte they have and how much tic Ocean. They had subsisted main- ^c^ent* well-trained tuners in , ^ey enjoy life, ly on seal meat.	and thonds of pianos remain silent
1926: usa:Canada:~! Among the thonds of mothers throughout  who praise the Tablets is Mrs. David A. Anderson,
1927: Usa::~ly twice  sgrliultural production
1927: France::~This lra:le treaty, together with the advertising effected by the Canadian exhibition train, which toured the Republic in a very thorough manner, exhibiting at every centre of any sixes has tended to elevate the value of Canadian exports to  and approach nearer a point of a balance of Male» and purchases, lu a repré~senta- tagne's experience is that of thousands live year before the war, 1913. Canada of <*ber mothers who have tested the rold to France only to the extent of worth of Baby's Own Tablets. . The $2,664,603 white purchasing from that Ablets are a sure and safe medicine country to the va ue of 115,632.144. ^ uttle ones and never fail to regu-The Dominion's purchases from the ^ t^e bowels and stomach, thus re-Repnhlkr In the last three twelve- paving all the minor ills from which months' periods ending July have been j children suffer. They are sold by respectively $16,984.103; $18,020,674; medlclne dealer* or by mall at 25 cts. and $20.664,047. In the same three a box from The Dr. Williams’~ Medl-pcxlods Canada's Bales to France have cine Co., tirockvllle, Ont. been $17,173,782;	$14r|HgmgHHHgHggmH
1927: Canada:usa:~| Why is  the best country in I the world In which to raise domestic I fowl of all kinds? This is the question I	that many thonds of people, who
1927: I particularly in Great Britain, the advancement in poultry breeding is largely due to the personal and financial assistance given by leading citizens. His Majesty King George and the Prince of Wales (both of whom will have exhibits at Ottawa) are amongst the outstanding poultry breeders in the Empire, and their example is followed by hundreds whose purpose is patriotic and philanthropic —~persons who are Interested in birds because they are more keenly interest-j ed in men. It is expected that the Congress in Ottawa will be attended ' by about seven thousand delegates from outside Canada, hundreds of whom come with the idea of seeing whether a country which produces such fine poultry would not be a good place for men and women from the over-crowded agricultural areas of Europe. The more citizens from different parts of Canada there are at the Congress the more likely the out-double-tracking Welland Junction to| side delegates will be to learn some-
1928: usa:Canada:~I thonds gone out of business In Western  during the past, three yearv.
1928: Canada:usa:~Patrol work forms an important I pected that Major Burwash will compart of the duties of the members of) Pltie his work In the autumn of 1929. the Royal Canadian Mounted Police stationed along 's northern Coast and on the Islands of the Arctic archipelago. During the early spring and summer thonds of miles of territory are covered by the police and their dog teams. The police posts In are Eastern Arctic Sub-District are visited annually by the SS. Beothlc with provisions and supplies. - In the Western Arctic Sub-District, the com
1928: usa:England:~There were rugs on the floor, pictures on a decorated wall and i magazines, in English, beside a unholstered chair. There was a 1 case to astound us, and this lone list man standing guard on the ged fringe of Empire had even some tidy bits of drape about the glass windows we had seen thond miles of travel. The: complete this transplanting of N  itself there in the hea the Dark Continent the black " brought us a pot of tea and a plate of cakes and announced the Captain was Just now co from the tennis court. An En* man is always English and he'll : onto his home standards of cor ' and cleanliness, his sports, and dress clothes as long as he’ll : onto his bath, his beer and his genital aristocracy—and that m as long as he lives. You can lea Englishman into the bush but can’t make him a bushman No could have been better to us than French during the weeks we wer French Equatorial Africa, but French—well, they don’t dress dinner in the bush.
1929: Canada:Canada:~their thousands of devotees, wboj  has always been noted for thus refresh mind and body in the her winter sports and these have crisp, Invigorating air. Gradually such a wide range that people of both the gospel of recreation In tbe open sexes and of almost all ages can take spaces Is spreading to less favored part in at least one of them with climes and each year sees growing benefit and enjoyment. Hockey Is a numbers coming to  for enjoy- fast, strenuous game that Is played
1929: USA::~To .
1929: "The third group referred to con-‘~ Two thousand years have elapsed j cists of the experiments of R. A. Mini, since the proclamation of human fra kan on cosmic rays, performed In the ternity, yet human relations are still | high Andes, far from evangelical principles.-Foreign Minister Zaleski of Poland.
1929: USA::~LYDIA a. PINK HAM MEDICI Nt	rnn. Mm*. .
1930: Canada:United States:~Sir Herbert, in addressing the shareholders, pointed out that In spite of the losses Incurred by thousands of Investors throughout  and the , the strength of the business structure is such that there is no reason to look forward to more than a moderate recession in business during 1930.
1930: usa:Russia:~Thonds of Tadjiks, either from sympathy with the Basmach 1 or because their fields were devastated I during the fighting, fled across the border into Afghanistan, where a considerable part of the population of the northern districts consists of Tadjiks. Recently, however, an emigration movement in the opposite direction has been noted and many Tadjiks are returning to  as a result of the troubled times which have prevailed In Afghanistan.
1930: Holland:usa:~The Inland canals of  are almost as thickly populated as the waterways of China. Thonds of Dutch families live and dlo upon canal boats Bo-bles are born upon fhem, and many people never have tny other hom?3. On a typical canal boat the freight cargo Is carried In front, and the owner and his family live in the stern. In winter the boats ire frozen tightly in the canals, but in summer they constantly move ibout from place to olace.
1930: Germany::~Hamburg. .—Five thousand Inventors met hero recently
1930: usa:France:~Heaven alone knows how many hearts since the time of Adam have hungered for It or how many poets, Interpreting the longings of humanity, have put that hunger into words. Columbus fell under Its beckoning a pell. Drake knew It. Champlain knew It. Livingstone knew It. Kipling sings it In "The Long Trail" and "The Gypsy Trail." Service voiced It In a dozen of his songs of a Check-ako and Sourdough. Thonds of soldiers chanted It on the roads of : —
1930: USA::~Mr and Mrs. F. W. Thomas and Lennox, accompanied by Mrs. Sloane, of Oklahoma City, , motored to North Bay and spent a few days with Mr. and Mrs. li. L. McGowan.
1930: usa:Germany:~Triumphal entry of Christ into Jerlem for Passover Feast, with people depicted In famous Passion play at Oberammergau, .
1930: Canada:United States:~The fish la a giant of the mackerel family.. Indeed, along the North Atlantic coast of  and the  It has quite commonly been known as the “horse mackerel." Sometimes it has also been miscalled "albacore." The albacore, however, while quite similar to the tuna In appearance, is much smaller, rarely reaching a weight of more than thirty pounds, whereas specimens of the tuna taken in the commercial fishery have quite frequently been found to weigh a thousand pounds, or even
1930: Canada:usa:~IIo\v much simpler to havj your children undergo this simple treatment than to have your home quarantined and possibly lose a child or two through diphtheria! If only every public health department would see that this marvellous substance be put at the disposal of every parent, and If only all parents would insist upon protecting their children with it, diphtheria could he wiped out of  within ten years, and hundreds of lives and thonds of dollars saved every year.
1931: Germany::~George von Heveey of the University of Freiburg, , concluded in his review of present knowledge of the age of the earth in the opening lecture of the Geo.'ge Fisher Baker Lee- [ tv res in Chemistry at Cornell University, recently published by the New York City scientific periodical Science. Following many previous students of earth age, Professor Hevesy has calculated from the slow disintegration of radioactive chemical elements the time elapsed since individual specimens of minerals containing these elements were formed. Some such mineral specimens tvrn out to be well over a billion years old but the earth as a whole must be older still, since the planet’s cruit must have been in place and solid be ft re these limerecording minerals could have been deposited in it. Accordingly, Professor Hevesy has extended these radioactive calculations to the whole material of the earth, obtaining a figure of about three b.llion years for the time since the planet existed as a ball of white-hot gas drawn out of the sun. Enormous as is this time by human standards, it is j it a moment, he finds, in the age of tK known universe, for astronomical calculations indicate that the average star has been in existence for between five /thousand billion and ten thousand billion years.
1931: (“She hasn’~t got tho ten dollars batlr1 said a constable when a typist was charged with overfast driving In Illinois, USA, recently has a pretty face," replied the Judge, and that is ball enough for me.") “Where are you going to my pretty maid?"
1931: usa::In a stone's throw, rushes the broad river, here forming a series of lovely falls. On its opposite bank stand the grey houses of the old town, their upper stories almost overhanging tin turbid waters. Joining the t >wu with the bank on which the station stands Is a magnificent stone bridge, said to be the oldest of its kind In Wales. It stands today, as It ha* done for bun clreds of years, a convincing demonstation of the possibility of uniting beauty and efficiency, grace and strength. The little town stand-among the meadows, almost totall.v surrounded by mountains. In themselves these are not very high: pone of them exceeds two thond fee; Hut so precipitous are they, anil so skilfully has nature grouped them, that they convey the impression of far gieater altitude. The scene, particularly In autumn. 1s of unsurpassable beauty. All the slopes of tin mountains are covered with heathei and bracken; while the valleys be tween them are densely wooded with fir, birch, and oak. At tlm north en»~l of the amphi theatre of hills is a narrow wholly concealed passage, through which the I)ee enters. At the southern end is another and wider passage, through which it proceeds on Its way in more leisurely fashion to wards the plains of England.
1931: tons now, and running the snow series in the Intermediate Lea- The establishment of Hit/. Limit-generally in a manner that does gne between Bristol and the Shaw- ed, on Rideau Stieet, Ottawa, was not appeal very strongly to t lie I vDle “ Wildcats " Both gaums damaged to the extent of between average red blooded young Cana- Wero staged on Shawville ice oil twenty and tliii ty. thousand dol-diau. as rcgartU the treatment ac J|(.t.oul|t 4)|* (|ie condition of the Mars by an eaily morning lire last corded to employees on the ‘big Bristol link and went in favor of Tuesday. Occupants of the (»~allien job. The system in vogue overlap Wildcats by 7 to 1 on the and Atwood Apartments, were there, it seems, is somewhat on round, winning the first game on driven to the street in night attire the lines ot wlmt is being prat iced Thursday night by 1 to 1, and tlio when the fire threatened to spread in Russia, and a week or two is |iMHl on Monday night by 8 to nil. to their quarters.
1931: usa:usa:~In the town of Demen, Germany, it seems, the church is entitled to receive luU pounds of a certain kind of sage, known as Mettwurat, every year from the local tithe-payers. Recently the latter refused to supply the ration of sage. The church involuted the aid of the law, and the
1931: usa:France:~It is difficult to imagine bangles being so heavy that the hearer can scarcely carry them, but such a sight, writes a corespondent of tho Christian Science Monitor, was witnessed the other day oil n hill road near Simla. However, the Tibetan hillman who carried the load was carrying several thonds of bangles 111 a sack the weight of which bowed him down. These bangles are thin, many colored circlets of glass, in many instances manufactured In  and Austria, and they are very popular in India, where the women delight to wear thorn. They cost little, and there aro shops In Simla and Delhi, and other parts of India, where the entire trade consists in the sale of those bright wristlets. Indian women take rare pleasure In clustering around these stores admiring the dainty bangles, so an Indian husband seeing this Tibetan carry his wares into tho town might well have said, "There goes a man with a load of mischief !”
1931: usa::~JlX) end Falling Hair,  Mm- Æ 9IT	ard's exactly, as you would ^
1932: England::~life, one of the most powerful and effective forces. Also, he is living proof of the fact that in  there are still men of the highest quality in public life. His income as a K.C. could have be» n practically anything lie cared to make it; but, like many other great jurists, he sacrificed thousands of dollars a year when he decided to go in for polities. He was Solicitor-General from 1910 to 1913; Attorney-General with a seat in the Cabinet from 1913 until 1915, and Secretary of State for Home Affairs from 1915 to 1916. His resignation from the Government came In 1916 because he would not agree to accept the principle of compulsory military service.
1932: Germany:Russia:~Oil paintings, valued at thousands of pounds, going out by air to exhibitions; radio tubes consigned to the Royal Palace at Bucharest; pump-fittings for a plant at the Suez Canal; special gas masks being rushed out to light an obstinate fire In mines In India; spare parts for a motor car part y stranded In Africa; consignments of cut flowers being rushed to the London markets; day-old chicks and hatching eggs for , , Rumania and other destinations abroad.
1933: England:usa:~Here la the fat reducing news for which you have waited. Chew one piece of LACEY'S MEDICATED REDUCING GUM after each meal end lose pound after pound of unsightly fat The safest, most convenient method you have ever heard of. Imported from . Succeeds where all other methods have failed. Thonds have benefited. Mrs. G. of Toronto writes:
1933: usa:France:~Although its origin is somewhat obscure, it is known that its title came from a hospital of St. John founded at Jerusalem about the year 1070 by certain merchants of Amalfi, who organized themselves as a religious order or hospitallers. * he order grew rapidly and developed into an international, military-religious lay confraternity for the relief of crders, and was later sovereign in Rhodes and afterwards in Malta, from 1530 to 1793, where its knights kept galleys and galleons to attack the Barbary Corsairs SIM to prevent the spread of Turkish the Mediterranean. In the latter year the order was driven from Malta by Napoleon. and the majority of the knights, being of French origin, returned to , while the Italian knights settled in Rome.
1933: usa:Japan:~Thonds of goldfish are annually Imported from  for sale In this
1933: The practice of beginning the civil <1ay at midnight dates back to Roman times, both the Romans and the Egyptians having this custom. The Babylonians began the day at sunrise, the Jews and the Greeks at sunset. With the growth of the Roman empire I the Roman day became almost universal. The period known as the “Dark ages,”~ probably because it was overshadowed by the splendor of the Roman empire preceding it and by the learning of the Renaissance period following It, began with the fall of the Roman empire. In 475 A. CL, and ended with the discovery of the Pandects, or compilation of Roman laws, at Amalfi, in 1137. Some writers extend the Dark ages or the Middle ages to about the year 1550. Thousands of copies of .William Tyndale* English translation of the New Testament were burned by the ecclesiastical authorities in England and Scotland between the years 1520 and 1536. The bishop of London burned some of these at St. Paul's. The reason assigned was Tyndule’s heretical opinions. Tyndale himself, often called the "Father of the King James Version of the Bible,” was burned as a heretic in 1536.—Detroit News.
1933: usa:Canada:~Mr. Rudyard Kipling's address of welcome to the Canadian Authors' As-hit ion in London was listened to with pleasure by tens of thonds of radio users all across  well over forty years the celebrated Anglo-Indian's name has been a household word throughout the Dominion. Children have been enthralled by his Puck of Took's Hill.
1933: Canada:usa:~owned, foaled and	trained	in . I	thonds.
1934: usa:France:~dropped to 14.6 per thond. . | M" la^ a,,d physical help th
1934: United States:usa:~The private bills committee of the House of Commons or Friday of last week approved a bill to provide for a new link between Canada and the . The committee approved incorporation of the Thond Island Bridge Company, which intends to construct a Canadian and part of an international bridge over the St. Lawrence near Gananoque, Ont., at a cost of nearly $2,000,000.
1934: Canada:usa:~There is a tremendous latent demand for goods of all sorts on the farms of Western . The farmer's standard of living is down, not because he knows no better but because he cannot help himself. The farms are depleted of consumption and capital goods. They need houses and farm buildings; they need implements; they need furniture; they need clothing; they need motor cars; they need a thond little things that the cities look upon as common necessities. But they can't get them until agriculture is rehabilitated. It is almost i as much to the interest of the cities to rehabilitate the farm as it is to the farmer himself that the farm should come back. —Vancouver Province.
1935: usa:Canada:~Eighty thond children were supplied with Christmas toys through a chain of 150 toy shops operated across  from coast to coast by Canadian Boy Scouts. Since their inception eleven years ago Canadian Boy Scout toy shops have collected, repaired, repainted and distributed nearly two million toys to over half-a-million Canadian children.
1935: United States:Germany:~While the number of kinds of sausages In common use in the  may not be more than 50, at n fair In  n few years ago there were 1,785 distinct varieties entered.
1935: Canada:usa:~The United States is far ahead of  in this respect for thonds of “identification” prints are cord at Washington in a special section reserved at the Bureau of I den- ^ H whoae identity must obvi-
1935: Canada:usa:~during the Summer and Fall Ol	, during which thonds
1936: United States:usa:~AIR HOSTESSES Seven domestic air lines in the  employ a total of one hundred and ninety-seven young wo-, men as hostesses. Each of the air lines has received thonds of applications for hostess positions, and hostesses for American Airlines besides being registered nurses, must know at least one foreign language—Canadian Aviation. BROTHER. CAN YOU SPARE TEN
1936: Canada:usa:~The unlovely things and unattractive places in  that displease the eye are made by man. It is time he set out to do some of the damage that has been done. There are primrose paths for all to tread who care to make them. An amazing amount of worry can be spaded under along those paths in a bright spring afternoon. Since Adam tilled the first garden nfliny pastimes hive to claim their thonds but have passed out of the picture while gardening has stood through the centuries. There must be something in it. Buy some flower seeds, plant some flowers or shrubs this spring.
1936: Italy:usa:~Bologna, , Is not at all proud that the famous sage, bologna. is named after It, and in fact calls sun sauge by an entirely different name Here travelers must ask. not bologna, but for salami or della" when they want thing.'*
1937: usa:Japan:~the Shogun Yoshim about the mid- | Dandle Dinmont terrier and the otter-die of the Fifteenth century and still flourishes among those who remain faithful to and cherish the old spirit of .
1937: usa:Italy:~Thonds of swallows taken into  over the Alps by airplane to avoid cold weather died when they were fed by members of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals with canary seeds which were poison to them.
1937: usa::~it) il*  I hair he. 1 lui Mr
1937: usa:Canada:~dressed poultry to Great Britain, it was said by an official of Canada Packers Limited, as hotels and restaurants am stocking up in preparation for tiie millions of visitors who will Into the country in May. thond boxes of dressed poultry, amounting to 500,000 pounds, shipped to the British market from  last’week.
1937: Canada::~During the decade preceding the Great War, immigrants came to  in large numbers. The highest point was reached in 1913 when 382,841 arrived days when the West offered great opportunities. Remember how large posters in railway depots used to announce in screaming letters—FIFTY THOUSAND HARVESTERS WANTED.—Kitchener Record.
1937: usa:Canada:~Thonds Needed in New Trans  Air Service Says Howe
1937: usa:Canada:~Thonds of young college graduates were needed for the proposed Trans  and Transatlantic Air
1937: Germany::~And in , all is not well. Chancellor Hitler's close personal friend and the Director German State Motion Pictures, Lcni Rlefenstahl has been accused of having “~non-Aryan" grandparents. In most countries, such a fault would not be of any particular importance but in Germany where the Nazis arc engaged in stamping out their Jewish intellectual class, the accusation is the next thing to ruin. The charge was made by Propaganda Minister Goebbels at a social gathering. It has since been denied as “pure invention". The interesting part for conjecture is just what Chancellor Hitler thinks about it all and just what action he would take if ho charge proved to be true. It is wcl 1 known that all of the women he may have known, which Is not many, the beautiful actress is the favourite.
1937: Russia::The expansion of ’~s purchasing in the United States will also make little difference to Canada. The trade between Canada and Russia, freed last September from a mutual embargo, amounts to only a few thousand dollars a month.
1938: usa:Japan:~Can anyone doubt the point that it would be better to spend even more money and get something In return rather than spend what is being spent today without anything being done except to proclaim to the world that thonds of people are living on direct relief and must take their living without working? The millions of dollars that have been spent to keep peo- I naval Power though she be, , in pie in idleness will remain one of the I embarking on a campaign of conquest
1938: usa:Canada:~The village got its name in a strange way. More than 50 years ago when thonds were migrating to , there was a minor hack to th e-land movement in Hampshire. About 80 families settled In this area Huts were built by the pioneers and the land broken for cultivation.
1938: If you encounter a man who's tremendously interested in the folk music of your part of the country he’~ll probably turn out to be one of the Radio Rubes. Each Friday each of the three leave New York, going in different directions. in a search for old American melodies; they already have a collection of two thousand. Recently Harry Duncan devoted himself to New England. while that same week Zeb Tur-new
1938: Canada:usa:~President Franklin D. Roosevelt, of the United States, and Premier W. L. Mackenzie King, of , meet at Kingston, Ont., on August 17, when the new Thond Island international bridge system was officially opened. The president stayed in Kingston over night, and on the following day received an honorary degree of Doctor of l aws from Queen’s University. Above photo shows the designers' conception of the new suspension span crossing the American channel from Collins Landing to Wellesley Island, one of the five separate spans and eight-and-a-half miles of approaches and connecting roadways comprising the Thousand Island international bridge system from Collins Landing and Ivy Lea, Ont. President Roosevelt is shown at right and Mr. King in the panel.
1938: usa::Seventeen thond Americans were among the 85,000 who visited Shakespeare’~s birthplace in Stratford-on-Avon, England, last year.
1938: usa::After the close of the Civil war, which cast thonds of Irishmen adrift, notes a writer in the Indianapolis News, Fenian societies— so-named from a Gaelic title—~were formed rapidly in many cities in the United States, and an invasion of Canada, known sk the “Fenian raid
1938: Spain:usa:~the body was disinterred and re-	blasts on a horn. Otherwise he	gardens in Madrid, . The new-	volt. According to	One Thond
1939: USA::~Legitimate plana. $3.00 at once. George Green, Box 106, Richmond, Indiana, .
1939: usa:Canada:~of Joso, we could solve any problem with which the Canadians are faced. We could clean up the railway mess we could pot unemployed to work, and we could redeem the hundred thond human lives who are panhandling their way all back and forth across . — Farmer's Advocate.
1939: Germany:usa:~mobbed half the men under arms aad held a victory parade with the Italian and  "volunteers" searching In It; he has sent Loyalists is concentration campa by the teas of thonds; he has reaffirmed bis friendship with the Rome-Berlin axis; ho has set up In Madrid eighteen military tribunals t# try Loyalists, $88 of whom have already been- executed.
1939: ¦~?en losing one's temper may be put to a practical usa. We owe the facility with which we stamp our letters today to such an event
1939: usa:United States:~Thonds of  marines as well as civilians are familiar with the strains of the Marines hymn, which proclaims the valor of the sea soldiers on many a far-flung battlefield.
1939: usa:Canada:~Thonds From U. S. Make Trips To  And Not To Europe
1939: Canada:usa:~Hotels and tourist homes in  are benefiting as a result of the war In Europe. Thonds of American tourists, who t visti either Britain or Continental Europe in the summer have now decided to confine their holidays 'i the American side of the Atlantic.
1939: Canada:usa:~NEW SKEET TITLE 's thonds of skeet shooters have a new mark to aim at now that a new Canadian amateur long run skeet record has just been established by Arthur C. Donner, one of the best known shotgun shooters in the Dominion.
1939: usa:Canada:~There are ten thond acres under soya bean production in , mostly in Ontario. Ten years ago it was an unknown crop in the Dominion. Its uses are many and the soya bean has become an important raw material in the automobile, electrical appliance, enamel, soap and feed industries, as well as in innumerable industries using plastics. It is anticipated that the war will greatly extend the cultivation and utility of the •oya bean.—Marketing.
1940: Canada:Canada:~new air fields to be constructed and 20 existing fields enlarged; United Kingdom to supply most of aircraft, including engines and spares, as her share in cost; , Australia and New Zealand to contribute to total cost in proportion to use made of plan by pupils from those countries: excluding cost of aircraft supplied by Britain, Can ada to bear cost of initial and elementary' training in  and [ about four-fifths of remaining costs of program: program to be administered by Dominion Government, with supervisory board composed »f representatives from four countries iDYÇlrçd^i. g/;eat majority of juÿiïs* will be Canadians;- pilot training to take about 26 weeks, J many thousands of pilots to be -turned out each year.	I
1940: Canada:usa:~Actual purchasing likely will be done through French purchasing boards operating at the larger railroad centres in Eastern and Western . Department officials did not know the exact number of horses required but it was learned from other sources that it likely will be several thond of each class.
1940: “Too much emphasis cannot be laid upon this fact. Annually thousands of dollars are wasted, and thousands of working days lost because of sickness which is •~entirely preventable. This waste must be stopped and this condition rectified. Both money and man-power are needed now for the defence of Canada and the Empire.
1940: USA::~the .
1941: Canada:usa:~Though the world is at war,  still has a prosperous tourist trade, and this summer thonds travelled 2,200 miles north to the romantic Hudson Bay area, where stand the modern mining plants at the town of Flin Flon. One of the many attractions is the Aurora Borealis, while white whale hunting is another. White whales weigh about half a ton, and swim at about twenty-five miles an hour. Tourists hunt them in twenty-foot motor-driven canoes, with harpoons thrown by hand. Great
1941: Germany::Egypt, had dropped to near zeio. Mussolini was on the hottest spot since the invasion of Ethiopia in 1936, faced the possible early loss of his African empire, pins his islands in the eastern Mediterranean, plus his grip on the Adriatic. The Duc es hold on the Italian people at home had been loosening ever since his entry Into the war; last week it looked as if he would have to cope with serious internal unrest and Increasing German intervention In Italian domestic affairs. He might even have to submit to ’s taking over control of his armies. Spain’~s rapprochement with the United States and Britain, Turkey’s newly-signed trade agreement with Britain, Marshal Petain’~e refusal to place all of France and her fleet at the disposal of Hitler, constituted three major diplomatic defeats for the Axis.
1941: usa:United States:~Thonds from  are Serving in Canadian Army
1941: cannot turn back nor limit his “crusade”~ without risking the ultimate disaster, collapse of the myth of Hitler invincibility in Germany itself.
1941: United States:Canada:~"Americans have found it Just as simple to pass from one country to another as to cross a State line. In the north, east, west and along the border thousands and thousands of  car* are rolling along. ’s travel business, one of our most important sources of income, has returned to normal and gone beyond that point.
1941: usa:United States:~thonds were soon across , spreading entirely by word of mouth and letters. In Toronto dandruff. falling hair, severe scalp trouble has been eradicated, new hair produced. Write for free advice and evidence. Agents wanted. Woods Products, Dept. B, 387 Jane, Toronto.
1941: Japan:United States:~In addition to the damages which have been wrought by four years of the Chinese war, by the flnan clal condition of Japan and by the geographical position which places It thousands of miles from its Axis allies, Japan must Import most of the essentials of war-making. From the Netherlands Indies and the United States must be brought the oil that operates the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, and the fishing fleet which provides much of the food of . From the  other materials are needed for protracted military action. And
1942: Canada::Air force filers, forced down at sea. are kept alloat by the buoyancy of their flying suits In tbs lining of which is placed the lifepreserving material called kapok. Most of it comes from The Netherlands Fust Indies and to assure that enough kapok is made available for ’~s and the Allied airmen, and for the thousands of life jackets and floats needed by the navy unci army, all supplies in Canada were “frozen" In an order by Alan H. Williamson, controller of supplies.
1942: USA::~J. N. IAN  Y, LAW OFFICE.
1942: usa:usa:~The Red Army had to face at the start of the war in Russia a huge, well-trained air armada ten thond strong, which was later increased to fifteen thond. At the end of March, 1942, it is estimated the Luftwaffe's losses totalled 38,000 airmen. Consequently it is now manned chiefly by 19 to 21 year old youths, many of whom have only had from three to six months training.
1942: France:usa:~The growing might of the Royal Air Force is shown in the powerful and continuous sweeps over occupied . British bombers have flown one thond miles inside enemy territory, in daylight, to attack factories.
1942: United States:usa:~Government officials in Washington estimate that the industry will turn out at least 60,000 of these house trailers this year, which is almost ten times the volume produced in 1941, and will swell the number of trailers in the  to 260,000, scattered in two thond settlements throughout the nation. All trailers made this year, however, must be sold only to workers in defence areas and must also be of simple design in order to conserve supplies.
1942: Japan:usa:~Asama-Yama, regarded as the most treacherous volcano in , has a long history of eruptions, the worst of which occurred in 1783, lasting 88 days and killing thonds.
1942: “~Fifty thousand tons of wheat wee sent this month from France to Germany."
1942: Japan:usa:~British blood also flows in the veins of many Chinese soldiers, wounded in fight against  the Chinese the blood gifts from Britain are sent thonds of miles by air and sea and pass through all kinds of temperature* Yet the plasma remains perfect.
1942: usa::The British have also sent "several thond” barrage balloons to "protect vital spots along our coasts”~ and from England and other allied nations the Government has received "guns and tools, military and scientific information — anything which they can spare and we are in a better spot to use than they are.” the article said.
1942: usa:Canada:~Hundreds of thousands of young Canadians have decided that Canada is worth fighing for, We other hundreds of thonds at home must decide that  is worth uorhing for — sating for—lending for
1942: Canada:usa:~Across  are thonds of 8haw Graduates who have attained to fine, well-paid positions and noteworthy eucc in Business, through Shaw training.
1942: usa::It is a mammoth task, this handling of letters nad parcels to hundreds of thonds of addressees who have literally “no known address.”~ When you put your letter in the mail box its destination, unknown to you of course, may be the West Indies, Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Egypt, Gibraltar, England, Scotland or Brockville. It may change from one of those destinations to another while the letter is en route.	1
1943: usa:United States:~A great many planes have been flown from the British Isles to the Middle East, but thonds have been shipped from the  to porte In West Africa, reassembled, and then flown to their bases. President Roosevelt stated a long time ago that the Allies bad a huge assembly base somewhere down the coast of the Red dea from which planes, guns and supplies were sent to the Egyptian front.
1943: usa:United States:~An officer of the Royal Air Force who has arrived In New York revealed that there Is an assembly depot In a Jungle in Western Africa from which thonds of planes, shipped from the , have been flown to the North Africa fronts.
1943: usa:usa:~Both wore shot at dawn. They died as they had lived, courageously. The ten others were Hi nt to German concentration camps In France. They are still lh* re, living under Nazi Iron rule, abused by ruthless Nazi hangmen/Yet neither they nor their murdered comrades have been forgotten. French underground papers have published their story, and their names have become a symbol of French resistance against Nazi oppression. Thonds and thonds of French youth are willing to follow their example.
1943: usa:England:~Charles Mohr Is not the only bat-bander. Don Griffin, of Harvard, has banded thonds of bats in New , had also noted the homing urge. Bats from a cave near the coast were released 16 miles at sea. Two days later they were back in their own cave.
1943: usa:United States:~Thonds of British-made lend-lease barrage balloons mw protect the west coast of the .
1943: Russia:United States:~The natural rubber is necessarily employed with synthetic rubber to make the latter usable in a practical way for certain essential purposes, it was known that Russia had for some years been obtaining u supply of natural rubber from the n dandelion, known as kok-saghyz supply of kok-saghyz seed was obtained from the  Department of Agriculture in the Spring of 1942 and planted in quarter-acre plots at Dominion Experimental Stations across Can-
1943: usa:Canada:~In Eastern Canada there are between 12,000 and 13,000 farms, covering about one and one half million acres, which have been abandoned and have been idle for some time. This condition exists despite the fact that many thonds of acres of new, wooded land have been cleared and settled In some parts of Eastern  during the last ten years. So states an official of the Central Experimental Farm. ,
1943: Canada:usa:~The travels of Bishop Newn-ham in northern  began with a voyage by aea of 69 days from Stromness, Scotland, to Moose Fort in James Bay, through the treacherous ice fields of the Arctic Ocean and Hudson Bay From 1891 to 1904 this indefatigable young man travelled thonds of miles by canoe and portage ; on foot and on snow-shoes; by dog train and ship, visiting the outposts of his enormous Missionary Diocese of Moosonee.
1944: usa:United States:~Thonds of tons of battleftelcv salvage are being returned V; th< . * That which ear bt
1944: Maximum prices for sales of tomatoes, corn, bean* and tomato Juice produced by home canner# •~re set in a Prices Board order. Several thousand home canner#, most of them in Quebec, are affected by the order which establishes uniform prices for all sections of Canada in line with the "ceiling" for industrial canners. The new regulations apply to all canners with an output of less than 10.000
1944: uX^.tyCo10nCairfor5a,V1Vrklehye Brown* T M." Pipernh j*™ ”~- ^^ve^beautiful floral tributes USA There are five grandchildren, Elkin, all of Montreal, and Mr*. Geo. | wcre ieceived.
1944: usa:usa:~Out of the chaos of the Dark ages, Pisa was the first Italian city to emerge. But for the Pisan navy, the Saracens might have conquered all of Italy. The Pisans halted them at Sicily, expelled them from Sardinia, Corsica and the mainland where they had made inroads. Engaging both militantly and commercially in the Crdes, the Pisans helped take Jerlem while establishing banks, warehouses and consuls at every eastern port.
1945: usa:Canada:~COMPLETE SAWMILL 10 TO 15-thond capacity, ready to go. Steam tractor, power-edger, cutoff. etc. Will consider part cash, part lumber. Contact H. V. Zimmerman, Manager, at Pinewood. Ontario, or write Pennington Lumber Co. () Ltd.. Birn-amwood. Wisconsin.
1945: According to the British Army’s Director of Signals, “~Of the thousands of birds dropped into France, Belgium, Holland, and Denmark, about 1,700 brought «back n essages from the Resistance.
1945: USA::~Mr. David Anderson, of Youngstown. Ohio. ., is visiting at the home of his* uncle Mr. W. J. Hayes and other relatives in this district.
1945: Canada:usa:~It is unlikely that we in  will be called upon to match their sacrifice. ;. but the least we can do is to continue, in every way possible, to keep the supplies and equipment rolling out. We, Melchers Distilleries Limited, manufacture a precious war material of a thond uses war alcohol. It is a vital ingredient of the explosives used in- the grenades, shells, bombs, depth charges and mines
1945: Twenty-nine men in one group -told The Globe and Mail they thought five years’ service was enough for one man. “~especially when there are thousands of fit soldiers, both draftees and G.S., who have never left Canada "
1945: Canada:usa:~Across , hundreds of thonds of men
1945: usa:Japan:~Thousands upon thonds of incendiary bombs cascade down upon the commercial dock area of Kobe, 's sixth largest city. The city, like other Nippon war centers put to the torch by Superfort raids, was already under the impact of fierce fire raids.
1945: usa:England:~which taught the office and factory workers, clerks, taxi drivers and hank directors how to do the most harm to the Nazis, members were recruited by thonds in , Scotland and Wales.
1945: usa:Russia:~The Edmonton-Whitehorse Snag sir route, over which thousands of airplanes and thonds of tons of supplies for  and for
1946: Canada:usa:~A huge black market organization stretching from Halifax into inland  has been uncovered by Royal Canadian Mounted Police. The theft ring involved hundreds of thonds of dollars worth of merchandise, mostly expensive British textiles.
1946: usa:Canada:~Send for your Zenith today. Put II on yourself in the privacy of your home. Wear it amongst family and friends-to church, work, club. Let your own ears decide. If you are not completely satisfied return it within 10 days and your money will be funded promptly andwitliout question. Thonds who have made this test now hear better with a Zenith! Send $40 check or money order to: Zenith Radio Corporation of . Ltd.. Guaranty Trust Bldg., WL-1210-46, Box 30, Windsor, Ontario.
1946: CANADA:usa:~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Halrdressln Pleasant dignified pro wages, thonds successful Marvel graduates. America’s greatest sy tern. Illustrated catalogue free Write or call
1946: Haj Amir, el Hussvini, Grand Mufti of • Jerusalei., in exile for the past seven yr.KS, recently landed in Damascus, Syria in a-British plane. Wartime pal jf Hitler, broadcaster of .Ju’~i propaganda to the Moslem worlo sought by British and Yugoslavs as a war criminal, Haj Amin duded capture by the British in 1939, disappeared into Turkey, finally turning up in Germany. French captur. d him there and took him to Paris, where he remained until his reappearance
1946: usa:Russia:~Thonds of Jews being repatriated from  are fleeing westward ml southwi 1 to escape intermittent waves of anti-Semitic terreir at tin hands oi outlaw hands.
1946: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LRA DING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Iinlrdr«:jln* - - -Ptcaaant dig Mfled profession. good wnge*. thousands successful Marvel graduates. America's g rem I e in I ays-tem Illustrated catalogue free. Write or call
1946: Canada:usa:~Back in the early 80 s, when the Canadian Pacific Railway was pushing its line through to British Columbia in a successful gamble aga'nst nature with the keeping of British Columbia in the Confederation of  as the prize, the little ports of the North Shore were hives of activity. Where Marathon's paper mill now squats its huge bulk was the port of Peninsula, with its thonds of rough, tough, railway laborers. To the west there was Jackfish, then Coldwcll, with its beautiful greensided cove looking like a little bit of Cornwall. To these tiny ports the Steamers Algoma, Alberta and Athabaska, the latter two still afloat, carried men and materials as the hardrock men cut their way along the shore. They built the railway, but they made little impression on the brooding miles and miles of spruce and pulp wood which grew practically to Superior’s shores It was a country vast in resources; good to look upon as a visitor, the operating railwayman’s nightmare, and a singularly unproductive area.
1946: Canada:Italy:~Approximately 1,700 Polish war Canadian Polish Congress, extends picture the new arrivals received veterans, members of the famous 8th a welcome to a group of the bcrib- part of their last army pay in the Army, landed at Halifax Tuesday boned vets, many of whom were embarkation area through the Can-Nov. 12 and were transported across wearing the 8th Army crusade patch adian Pacific offices before being de- by Canadian Pacific Railway ami all who were still in uniform, spatched to various Canadian army for immediate (placement at farm They were discharged before sailing depots for disposal to Canadian work. TOP, J. S. W. Grocholski, from Naples, , and will soon farms Toronto lawyer and president of the don civilian clothes. In the lower,
1947: usa:United States:~gram of the Swiss National Red Cross is still in effect. It helps thonds of youngsters of all nationalities to regain their health through recuperative vacations m Swiss resorts and private homes. Other charities include roving medical team? and numerous relief centres. The foreign interests of forty-four nations, including the , were handled by Switzerland during the last war. Four different languages are spoken in this little country of 4,300,000 people. All groups continue to work together in harmony and cooperation developed over six and a half centuries of democratic freedom.
1947: USA::1 Pictured ranking officer in AF’~s B-29 attack on Japan,
1948: usa::By that time, according to his calculations, there will be a thond millions of English-speaking people in the world —~ 800 million in the United States, If million in Canada, 48 million in Australia, 16 million in South Africa and 70 million in the . United Kingdom.
1948: Italy:usa:~A real opportunity to develop a new market for Canadian seed potatoes is seen in . Imports of this commodity are estimated at something like 50 thond metric tons a year, and in the past has come almost exclusively from Northern Europe. But much educational work will have to be done before the Italians accept the Canadian potato, as their taste is for the yellow-fleshed, non-starchy variety to which they have become used in the past.
1948: Ausira White—~pullets 35.85. Black Minorca to USA by May or before at good prices
1948: usa:United States:~THERE are thond# of hens being shipped to the  each week, there has been 40 to 60 percent less chicks hatched to date. The prospects for a rfplendid crop look good. Don't you think this Is the year to All your brooder house. Don't be wishing and not cashing In nezt fall and winter when egg and poultry prices will be the beet we have had for some time. Send for our new 1848 catalogue just off the pi prompt delivery on day old and started chicks, also older pullets eight week» to laying. Top Notch Chick Sales. Guelph. Ontario.
1948: Canada:usa:~Every year in  thonds of rest.	fur service for Renfrew district,
1948: United States:usa:~To meet the national needs for rutin in the  alone, medical manufacturers estimate that at least an extra 50 thond acres of buckwheat will be needed annually. The entire plant, around blossom time, is used for the extraction of its rutin, so that no grain from this extra acreage would be available for flour or for livestock feeding.
1949: Spain:usa:~Since that time  has had one of the smallest Jewist populations of any European country. Today, out of a total population of over 27 millions there are only about ght thond Jews.
1950: usa:Canada:~Mr. Sregg reported that the Department of Labour and the National Employment Service, in co-operation with the woods operators, were now carrying out an extensive recruiting campaign for woods labour from one end of the country to the other. In addition to thonds of workers which would be turned up for woods workers in all regions through the general campaign, a 0f , the greatest demand special movement of workers at September 28 was in Ontario, particularly in the Head of the Lakes area and in Quebec.
1950: usa:Canada:~The tragic history of Poland, once the largest and most powerful state in Europe, has resulted in the migration of tens of thonds of Poles to , seeking freedom and security.
1951: CANADA:usa:~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Leans Halrdreesltie Pleasant dignified profession good wages Thonds of successful Marvel graduates America's Greatest System Illustrated Catalogue Free Write or Call
1951: usa:Holland:~I farmers ensiled over 4 thond while our herds may never I tons and plans are being made reach the average level of pro-|	for a big increase	in	1951. Most	Auction of those in , it
1951: usa::I*our thond resident* of Trv-viè~res, a town in north-west France, spring—flooded creeks and have just eaten 1,500 lbs. of tripe sticams and eventually found its tQ celebrate the hundredth birth-v av to the lake.	! day of Madame Marie Bernard, who
1952: Canada:usa:~In 1859 a Swiss banker visiting in Italy went to view the battle of Solferino wearing a white suit. He must have thought that morning that he could be a casual observer at the making of history, removed from the heat and passion of the men who made it. He did observe. No one questioned his neutrality. He suffered no wound. But what he saw stirred his passions so profoundly that he devoted the rest of his years to an ideal which robbed him of his fortune, his reputation, his health and finally life itself. His name was Henri Dunant, founder of the Red Cross. Henri Dunant saw the wounded of both camps in that battle dying untended. Because there was no one else to do it he cared for them himself. Then he spent his life devising and promoting a plan whereby men might protect one another from their own inhumanities nations subcribe to Henri Dunant's ideal. The Red Cross is the one remaining world parliament in which men of every race still meet on equal ground to work for the common good of all mankind, regardless of what world madness projects itself. . .  is one of those nations. The Canadian Red Cross Society is nearly 60 years old and has grown from one lone branch of the British Red Cross Society, formed in 1896, to a national organization of 1.400 branches and more than 1.000,000 members, a respected leader in the Red Cross federation of nations. It can count on the services of some 1,100,000 volunteer workers and is supported solely by the gratuitous contributions of hundreds of thonds of Canadians who know that if mercv is to serve the world it must also work at home. They see to it that it works at home—for disaster victims, for veterans in hospital, for the sick, for crippled children, for people in trouble everywhere. . .They know too—without the rude lesson suffered by Henri Dunant—that they cannot stand apart, that it takes strong united effort by countless individuals to sustain the ideal which is the hope of civilization.
1952: A Grand mere. Quebec, Squadron £~ Leader and Mrs. Doug. Grocott A and daughter Susan Melanie, of v England. Squadron Leader Gro-X cott is a member of the RCA F September 5 stationed in England and was monthly X home on a three week business were Chairman Alexander and A trip. Mi\# Grocott and daugh-
1953: usa:Canada:~listener, to the CBC Tra ns-Can- expected that experimental plant- good advice while coloring Mr. course. Basal the Bullfrog. The Editor. The Equity,	Sn Simonds, came to 	ada network know that he is in-	*n8s will be made in the streams	Easter B&g. Matilda the Cuckoo	broadcasts encourage	listeners
1953: USA::~Chili. N Y and other friends at | Niagara Em Is. . St. Thomas and other pointe.
1953: Before her departure to White Fox, Sack., where she will continue her duties as a school teacher, her mother, brothers and sisters gathered at the home of Stewart I. Crawford of Lanark Ave.. Ottawa to bid fan ell to Miss Martha Patania of New ‘~Laura and express the wish that Orleans. Louisana, USA. is the she might return soon, guest of her uncle Mr Ulysses Grant.
1953: USA::~Mrs. Bert Conley of Ottawa and Mrs. Lyons of Spokane. Wash, , are in the Cowley cottage for the summer.
1953: Mr. and Mrs. Dalton Dods, Ottawa, spent a week’~s holidays with friends in town and district, before leaving for a trip to Hamilton and the USA.
