1886: BRITAN::~MERItyFN  • NIA OO., HAMILTON •	• ONI
1892: “~ The Government of Her Britannic Majesty engages to urge upon the Government of the Dominion of Canada to secure to the citizens of the United States the use of the Welland, St. Lawrence and other canals In the Dominion on terms of equality with the Inhabitants’©~ f the Dominion ; and the Government of the United States engages subjects of Her Britannic Majesty Joy the use of the St. Clair Flats canal on terms of equality with the Inhabitants of the United States, and further engages to urge upon the State Governments to secure to the subjects of Her Britannic Majesty the use of the several canals connected with thenavlKH lion of the lakes or rivers traversed by. or contiguous to the boundary line between the possessions of the HW»~ Contracting on terms of equality with the lnhab the United States.”
1893: Britan:United States:~will attack an elephant with armed sports- vain to preserve her child from the attack The loving heart of nia mourns-she it, and would probably have it in America  is that of the deep water
1893: Britan::the native agriculturist, or the local poet- j then, besides, there was the whole village And ^toe^funerai bier ^***homae* the best known, but that there were sev- these many generations, man with hie jingling bolls has passed some ) depopulated, to make one wonder what sort nia weop* with tho one* bereaved, and eral «~minent men at work in Germany on At all public demonstrations in London spot were a tiger lay in wait watching the of a world it would have been if, os might opemt her hetrt to thorn one and all— the subject, and before another six months expected to attract large numbers of epec-d is tent cattle grazing, or waiting for night ! well have happened, tigers had evolved as A heart that weeps as a mother weep*, and he expected to see a system without over- ta tore, a system of hand signalling will he timeto vleit eome1 thrrsas who La amor- master, of the globe instead of men.	mourns for the son* ehe can ne'er recall head wire, which would prove satisfactory adopted by the police eothat Gy a code
1902: Britan::~Mackay & Caldwell, of Auckland, New Zealand, who is at present in Montreal, expressed the opinion that the business men of his country would be disappoint-at the new budget. In discussing the matter today, he said that, while New Zealand had not given Great  a preference in her tariff, the people perfectly willing to do so, provided it was placed on a reciprocal basis. He did not understand how Canadian manufacturers could prosper under the present tariff.
1906: Thirty See hundred immigrant* larded Üi ¦¦~ Senday April 22. from Britan and Scandinavia for
1906: France:Germany:~How has , a nation industrially inferior to  and with a commerce very much below that of Great Britain, guined such a power -n world finance Î The answer is, through her domestic economy thrift, intense application to the work in hand and the very commends bis ambition to carve from life's labors enough to make bright tlie Inevitable rnlny day and to cheer old age the Frenchman has no peer. To save is an inherited desire. The poorest peasant m the least productive parish of the republic manages to put aside a HMle ?•itch year for a competency, and I he fish* rnifn down on the Britanny ri as4 would have starved a few winters ago, when the catch was almost nothing, had they not l»vn able to draw fnna
1932: Britan:England:~To prove this a study cf 1,000 persons of outstanding capability in the 14th edition of the Encyclopaedia nica is publish ton of Hertfordshire, , in the B-it*rh official cientific journal Nature.
1937: The origin of the words cf “God Save the King”~ as well as of the tune is in doubt. Henry Carey and John Bull are both mentioned in this connection. The Encyclopedia Britannica says that 1745 is the earliest date assignable and that both words and music had been evolved out of earlier forms; also that Bull's is the earliest form of the ajr. Prussia, Denmark and other countries used this tune, but whether they took it from England or from cider sources cannot be determined.
1939: England:France:~A weekly service to  and  by the mammoth "Queen Mary" and "Aquitania" . . . regularly to Cobh, Southampton, Havre and London in the new "Mauretania", the "Géorgie" and "Britannic" and frequent sailings to Galway, Belfast, Dublin and Liverpool by the 20,000 ton liners "Franconia", "Scythia", "Laconia", "Samaria” and "Carinthia". Rates start at $159. Cabin, $122.50 Tourist, $93.50 Third Class.
1944: TOO LATE — TOO LATE NEXT SPRING DON’T LET IT BB said '’~too late." Send for our price Ret and order your baby chicks now. One dollar books your order. Goddard Chick Hatchery. Britan-ni«* Height* Out
1946: Britan::~emphasized that  friendship “for all time"
1948: Health Committee—~Motion, Crs Wil- Beach, California; three sisters, Mrs. son and R. Smith, that Dr. Powles, Frank Geldner, Rochester, N. Y ; Messrs. A. G. Brough and J. E. Mrs. Ida Lamont, Long Beach, Cal., Cowan be appointed as Board of and Mrs. Annie McGinnis, of Britan-Health—Carried.
