1883: Italy:France:~lienn government, without a revolution and bloodshed. During the last few years 1 have devoted huTsclf to literary pursuits, writing a good deal for review sand pajs'm, and engaging in'coiitrevcrsics; and having made that assertion once 1 was told hy a distinguished literary mail, who is olio w ho believes that oiir|s)lltieal destiny is annexation, that there are plenty of instances of State, changing their allegi.uicc without revolution; and the instances given were actually instances that proved my own assertion to the contrary. You w ill scarcely believe that one of them was Alaska, an uninhabited country sold by Russia to the I '. States. Another instance was Cyprus, transferred to (Jreat Britain only the other day. Another was Nice and Savoy, traus felled to  by an arrangement between Franco audltaly, and another was Alsace and Lorraine both the result of the war between  nu lîenunny. Another instance was the Transvaal, which was annexed to < : rent Britain, and succeed in getting its independence. Many w ill say this question uf independence that Great Britain won't interfere to prevent our independence. It is not a question of interfering. It is a question of the Canadian people themselves. Ami won't get the people to 1k> unanimous in preferring a monarchy in favor of a republic. lie has nothing to do hut quietly to go to the other side of the lines, and he will do that rather than light at the risk of life and property and everything. My firm conviction is, and I know of no case in history where a change of political institutions has been effected without a revolution and bloodshed.
1883: France:France:~The statistics lately published by the Jvunud Official, of , concenung the number of foreigners in Franco are interesting. When the last census was taken, in 1881, the population of  amounted to 87,406.000 souls which number, compared with the population of the count ry in 1870 shows an increase of about 600.000 souls. Of this increase •<00,000 are foreigners. The total number of foreigners is now three |<er cent, of the whole population, but in sonie departments tlw proportion of foreigners is much huger, fc v™,g in some seven and even eight per the inhabitant*
1883: “ À~ pi mu mi tecs would indicate thntCim- Afghanistan though their friends wanted ndians arc strongly imbued with the pro- Lord llvncoiiHiield to abandon it. It is I A correspondent writing from Egypt to twtivv idea, as at the last two elections, also dear Unit the subsidy is a mercantile the American VtV'/wbr, Paris, France, whui it was made the issue, the Pointer* uml political menace to Russia. And it says:	W e looked into a cafe crowded
1883: 1,W tlM; ,re°‘~,le W,'r,: "ll<l ">e wm- j reel lino of the Bourbon Kings of France	pn.,x,sod site will be through Sumer-	,^n h^hi. da^r’to do h” W	V
1883: France::~But the mate succession to die empty dignity of ind the by-law suffered aspirant to the throne of .
1883: France::~lea of the company * intentions tlian if secretary of State, with their usual mde | Belgium, and Northern Euro^ie, that languishing corporation hail never cision has allowed the Imperial Parlia bhese proportions are not too large, and existed. This, after the lapse of two ment to be prorogued without in any wat m the opinion of the late Admiral Sii
1883: Germany:France:~uj*qi to found a gp\crament, and we think way, you will have become as erudite in ceH that England, , America, sequence of tho heavy losses sustained in that a most unlikely contingency in the logic (?) as he is. The Advance seems to RUB8ja anff ’will participe in the the trade resulting in the late failure of present condition of affairs in this Pro- know more about Mr Pounore’s business j0jntprotection of their subjects and inter- several Ontario firms, and the crippling of
1883: France::~wring of union in its ranks, think the bet- with him.	^	jn L tunese water. At present  has mer seasons will be obviated,
1883: dance at a loss as to how ho should pro- dod to her. Tho record of the proceedings (kiiro, 28th.-—The report of tho capture Paris, 28th.—~ThoPhinesememorandum * sittings* illico reaction, had ordered a dose of rhu- i^guarded jealously and everyone connect-1 of Khartoum by El Melidi is unfounded, stated that France had imposed upon tho 12 Uiim. it.- 1-1... barb, but after the medicine had been pie- L‘d with the ceremony sworn to secrecy, the	Most of tho Turkish officers detailed toac-	Government of Anani an unjust treaty,
1883: older was countermanded. Nut long after olmont. —~[Cleveland Light.	| consented to go. All the non-commis- France had invaded Anam and manifested
1883: France::~ened. lie cast a glance around, and then	*IUI va,l!v.il	f 111:111 . jn8 ^>r ^traversing Tunis. The Governor-General	, and expressed the regret it would
1883: XX’~liat a face he madu ! The visage of the	,nUid be a good woman. J ho mother	__ dared that France lmd no wish to annex § & £
1883: explained aw.»y hy the stao ment that 11	*• Certainly not," «aid Ma, “~ XVliat put	France had never swerved, and which	•	•	c	^
1884: France:Italy:~You must love me, because 1 love you so	countries,  and , with won-1	well pleased, yet it still seemed	like part	every word that cameifrem her lips. He	picture I saw Jack Frost.	His small fig-	physician had no fears as to his perfect re-
1884: England:France:~work at present: Gilmour Bros., two ehan- B,,y thc lcast of lt> M thc wmter is passing 1 chance to pass by the corner of The	_+_ statesman in  and .	Wl11 ^	at “'is	until th»- arrivei of th»-
1884: France::~music; he took her to , to study	tragedy rose before him—from the I touched her heart j net â little.	^	n,®’a RK. ,journals from week to week gave Piquant from degradation. Many ins ances, ; er
1884: looking away ot xvsr the trees and did not	said the young duke. “All true love comes	river, and the murmur of the stream ad-	“~Ethel," cried her lover, impatiently,	the duke,a chateau in the south of France	whicn was hoisted in tno cen“0 “	“
1884: France::~lost so much of its pride and its coldness. ; the difficulty would be to say “You have been all th ; e world to me." what he did not own. tie had been for she said, “father, mothei ) % and friend. I some years a minor and had a vastaccum-suppose love of father ty vnd mother is an ulation of money. He waa handsome,with innate instinct. I do not \ remember my a certain dark patrician beauty; his eyes mother; if sho were livin; X;, and stood be- were clear, vivid dark blue, his hair dark fore me, I should not recoj 1 prize her. That brown; he had a dark, healthy colour; a seems strange; yet my mo Ither forms part brown moustache did not quite hide the of my life. I am always t? linking of her, lines of a beautiful mouth; he was tall, wondering what she was li Ike—wondering with something of a soldierly bearing, what life would have been dike with her broad shoulders and a bread chest.
1884: France::~War is bad enough in its way, but a rumour of war may be the means of curing national blindness. China keeps herself to herself as much as circumstances will allow, and although she permitted the door of the Empire to stand ajar her welcome to foreigners has never been characterized by gush. The recent unpleasantness with , however, with a possibiliy of a first-class war in the near future, has stimulated the Celestial mind to a proper appreciation of modem inventions A sudden demand has been made for telo-graj h poles, and the means of quick omv munication at long distances have been so rapidly supplied that the tick of the electric wire is* heard under the walls of Pekin. This is a very important fact, and its political significance will not bo exhausted when the present difficulty will be finally settled. Telegraph wires a great deal more than mere telegraph They mean the neighbourhmxl of remote provinces, and they may possibly
1884: France::~A cable despatch received last Friday announced the sudden death at Cannes, , of His Royal Highness Prince Leopold, youngest son of Queen Victoria, when about to start for Darmstadt, to attend the marriage of his niece, 4he Princess Victoria, of Hesse, tlaugh r of his sister, the late Princess Alice.
1884: France::~The ( ruwn Jewels of .
1884: Germany:France:~After a year of study in all the Large Hospitals of , Austria,  and Great Britain, has re-opened his office in rear of
1884: A committee of some of the best sur- f°rc hand, an upper hand, and an under Celt i floe ie! Ti'ofqu art er1 y d udeTu ativïncï~, f? OO^Kor geons in France has been appointed to hand, an empty hand a full hand (four
1884: practice ia carried on, and discovered an ¦~ rong support from the various . a e. of unexploded shell, which .he .truck with Europe. The government of Holland, a atone. The projectile immediately ex Belgium, France Italy and Portugal take plotted, mutilating the child in such a 1 IMirl orttcally. British exhibitor, will, manner that she died on being removed.	au.ptces of a numerousmfluen
1884: France:Russia:~A strange story of outrage oil a Jew comes from . He had left  for Paris in order to attend his brother's wedding, and, being ignorant of French, was unable to understand a demand made for his ticket at a station in the neighborhood of Varia. The railroad employe finally lost patience with him and caused him to be imprisoned in a dark and filthy cellar. Here lie remained four days without food ; a rope was put around his neck, buckets of water were emptied on him, and he was knocked about and handcuffed. When the mayor of the place heard of the outrage he caused an investigation and the Jew was released. The J ew s brother tells the above story and has ap pealed to the authorities.
1884: “~If the government ask for power to lot out how even emigrants from France who out contracts on lines that have been al- have lived some years in Canada, thinking ready thoroughly surveyed and located, to return home and enjoy the delights ot 1 would not blame those who approved of European civilization at what they deem the policy of the government for giving its centre, find themselves, after a brief
1884: France::~then fully committed. Again, speaking ^ Protestant Teachers which opens at once belonged to  and in which, of the importance, both in a political and Cowansville County Mississiquoi, on Wed- after an interval of oblivion and neglect in a commercial sense, of pushing forward nesday, the 8th October next, and which 8<> vivid a concern has again been awaken-
1884: France:Canada:~lia was to be compensate for the failure ear of , there is no risk of  to carry out the original terms of union, kdng either forgotten or misrepresented
1884: France::~CmumIji In .
1884: France:Italy:~After h few minutes became into the room alone, and ivith that remarkable smile which could light up his dark countenance he shook me In arfcily by the hand 1 confess that 1 was never more moved. His quiet and calm dignity and absence all nervousness ai d irritability were the grandest examples of human moral courage that the sever et t stoic could have imagined. I felt overpowered by the position. All the past rushed to my memory ; our youth together a' Rome in 1820 ; Ins dreams of power at that time ; his subsequent desperate attempts to obtain it ; his prisons, where l found him still sanguine and unchanged;his wonderful escape from Ham, and lus residence in London,where in the riots of 1848, he acted as special constable like any Englishman. His election as president by millions,in France, m 1850 ; his further one by millions to the Imperial crown; the part I had acted as an English minister in that event, which had realized all his early dreams ; the glory of his reign of twenty-two years over , which he had enriched beyond belief and adorned beyond all other countries and capitals ; hia liberation of  all these memories crowded tip-on me as the man stood before me whose r«ce had been so successful and romantic, now without a crown, without an army, without a country, or an inch of ground he could call his ow n, except the house he hired in an English village : must have shown, for 1 could not con veal wlikt l felt, am, again shaking my hand, he «aid : “A la guerre connue a U Cist bitn boii de vtnir me voir.”
1884: until bleeding has been arrested; hi, loI1. When I saw him again in 1871 1 should a clot of blood be ttluseu into the found him much tin re depressed at th»~* wound, it would prevent healing by this destruction of Paris aud at the anarchy method. fSutur s are simply stitches used prevailing over France than he was at his to tie or sew the edges or surfaces of a own misfortunes ; and that the communi-wound together. They are used of vari- i8:a should have committed such horrors OU8 materials, such as thread, horse-hair, \u the piesence of their enemies, the cat-gut, and wire. Nothing further need V,u»siau armies, appeared to him the be said about the application of these, very acute of humiliation and of national since their insertion into a wound should , iL>f always bo left to a veterinary am geon
1885: Société Jltppt'l*» Prrchrrtmuê~- of France. lPH4 i tnir-
1885: At the E&s Kent Chamber tf Agriculture some revel at iota were lately n»a<lo which evoked the bitte rent reflections ou the Euglu-h railway companies shown that » ton of hop» sent from bhsvershaifl to London c< sta 33s. for c»~r-riage ; from Flushing, Holland, only 20»~. Potatoes are delivered in London from Cherb ourg, France, at 30a. per ton I\mz»noe tho charge ia 45a.
1885: France::~plies which are now going north for Gen.	all come from , instead	of re-	be no war for the simple reason that it	cover the whole of the deficit this year,
1885: Tho Press ass- fciation publishes the following, w hich it says w as obtained from a reliable source:— “~ Early in January Alfred Aylward, notorious in connection with the Boer rebellion, arrived in London from New York. He warn extremely reticent, but told his friends that before long he would again prove a sliarp thorn in the side of the British Government. He went to Paris and remained there a fortnight, describing himself as a surgeon-dentist. He carefully avoided English and Irish haunts, ignoring Fenian leaders. The informant says Aly ward's visit was connected w ith the Riel rebellion and the furthering of a movement among the French population of Canada for separation from Groat Britain, that France encourages tho idea directly by organized emigration and intrigue far more than the English or loyal Canadians realize. Riel’s affair was simply an expriment designed to accustom the French-Canadians to feel and think asa distinct race. About the middle of March Aly ward sailed for New York, afterwards going to St. Paul, Minn. After his arrival at St. Paul many officers of tho Irish Republican brotherhood went westward, includingCapt. .
1885: They say also that a prompt use ol It, ap- ****“~8 a minor, yon have in France no plied to the forehead with cloths, will very ,h»dow of * clelm »P?“ blm i, h« *• ,r« often avert such attacks.	t0	to-morrow if he pleuos. It
1885: France::~Anciently, in many parte of , when a sale ol land took place, it waa the custom to have twelve adult witn eoutpaaied by twevle little boys ; end whan the price of the land was paid, and Ita surrender took place, the ears cf the hoys were pulled, and they were beaten severely, so that the pain thus Inflicted should make an Impression upon their memory, and, 11 required afterwards, they mlghtbeer witness to the sale. A practice somewhat similar prevailed In the seme country up toe much later period, ever a notorious criminal was condemned to death, parents brought their children to of execution, end at the that death occurred they whipped the children with rods, so that being exalted by their own sufferings, they might take warning by the awful example, and keep to the path of virtue.
1885: France::~Two female councillors have been elected In  for the first time by muni-efpal voters. One was chosen by the Normans at Bongos tot. In the depart * of the Seine Inférieurs ; the other ed e majority of thirty-eight over her —online competitor h the Lot-ettier-
1885: I', so are 1 lie w ails of a woman, who k« •mm tin- depth of her heart, a crude 1I1 il is ¦ diy taught by better experience 1 ; y a¦ e i lie iilterancos of the ex Empress I men ¦~. "I France, to Father Goddard.
1885: France:Germany:~available from England, Ireland, Scotland,  , Sweden ami Norway.
1885: .rnt) live monuments ta N«poleon I. Â~7t standing in the cities of France, despite lie commune and revolution
1885: France::~was la belle .	former leader to save themselves. We
1885: France::~nv-il,iMo fr on Knglaml, In land, hvotluid, . Urrmauy, Hrreden and Norway.
1886: France::~wen  and China; the '
1886: France::~pted the resignation of Premier Hi is son last evening, and this morning summoned M. do Freycinet to form a new cabinet. M. do Frrycinut, however, is reluctant to accept such a responsibility at the present moment in view of the gravity of the political situation in . He has asked the to grant him time to consider the prop* sal and to consult with his friends and the Republican leaders. All the retiring Cabinet ministers, except Premier Bria-son, will attend the reception at the Ely-see tomorrow. President (irevy readily acquiesced in M. Brisson's desire to be absent. M. Elouuet does not desire to quit the office of S|»eaker of the Chamber of Deputies for that of Premier. M. Cle monceau, in La Justice, warns the coming premier that it will he chimerical to try to form a working majority, if he disregards the Radical party. The Government majority on the Tunquin credit, he says, has ceased to exist and an attempt to patch up a majority with the help of ?he Right would be rash, puerile and ab-
1886: France::~them all that they had been able to find.	an end, and while  will do nothing
1886: When the black cloud of revolution and anarchy descended upon the kingdom, the princess hastened to the side of the queen, having been previously with law in the country. On the evening when Lot i«~ XVI. took flight with his family, she also took flight, oroseed the channel to Dover, and went thence to A*x la Chapel le, where she remained to watch the progress of events The news from Paris became more hopeless, the queen's letters more despairing, and Made me de Lamballe made her will, and set out foi France. She hai now Irrevocably oast in her lot with that of the royal family.
1886: Thirty student* from the arsenal of Foo- SroNOE Oakk.—~Whites of four egg#, one- ecnrity of Halleck, the unmarked grave of Choo, China, are shortly expected In France, half teaspoonful of cream tartar, one half Drake, the suicide of Raelf, or why should They will ba divided among various Gov- cupof sugar, same of flour, one teaspoonful we remember that on a wild and bohterava eminent schools with the object of aoquir- 0f iemon.	night, at such a time and such a place, tie
1886: France::~remedy. Repression merely stimulated ^ ^ informed M. Criesis, the Greek secret crime, and threw obstacles in tin* c\arge	that , although
1886: France::~Credit FMekr  Canadien.
1886: France::~It b announced that Meesri, Appert of Cllchy, , have dhoovered
1886: France::~Athens, April bOg ply tu the ultimatum of the ; < jug her to disarm within eight days, points to the fact that she had notified the powers, prior to the receipt of their ultimatum, that she had accepted the counsel of , thus giving a formal assurance that she yielded to the desire of tuo powers and would n
1886: Germany:France:~Two hundred and fifteen tavern, sixty The relations between  and liberal supply of Springer whiskey, he be-eight shop and twelve wholesale lloeneee  are dangerously «trained at present, gen work en the body. First he poured have been granted by the Toronto Commie- Heavy floods are causing much damage e^el e pint down Barker’s throat. Then he •~loners.	In England. Many factories in oeneeqnenoe	““ °/eï	sed
1886: France::~Credit Finrirr  Canadlra.
1886: England:France:~MV*ilaid# from . Ireland, Krotlaud, .
1886: France::~The three year eld daughter ef Mrs. Kir- The Introduction ef the potato into .	Although there might be two hundred	pUy>aved, having bean picked up by a boat
1886: France::~Of the House of  (Orleans Bour-
1886: ed scarcely more than half that*age. An ao- (lV(,n.ome the terrible min which racked her An accused offender often atit ets ange vftn \m reproduced. Besides, copies can Doima (tousino is the richest woman in cident on the street, several weeks Wore, #li ht frame.	, conceal conscious mult.	thus l»~e furnished toother libraries in France I chili. She owns vast plantations, which she
1886: France::~It is no less certain, however, that a portion of the French press has been exerting strong pressure oil M. De Freycinet and his colleagues with regard to Franco's alleged rights in Egypt. In his vaguely southing Toulouse speech, the French premier was no more explicit on that print than on any of the great problems of home and foreign pdicy on which he had occasion to touch. Only one feature of the Government's programme did he labor to free from all possible ambiguity. And that was that  resolutely and frankly desired peace. The Republic wanted no opportunities of% interfering with the rest of the world On that fact he insisted again and again. Hut, while he thus endeavored to calm any uneasiness which busy rumor might have caused in the capitals of Europe, he did not forget to throw a » »~p to the national vanity by qualifying the ;*eace which he contemplated as one that would not detract from France's dignity nor requite the sacrifice of any of her rights. In s|M)aking, moreover, of the necessity of defending, organizing and developing the recent acquisitions in the East, he suggested theim pittance of t heSuez canal, j uat as an English statesman suggests it a lien he discusses the protection of India. An the announcement of a new Madagascar expedition almost immediately followed M. De Freycinet*s appearance at Toulouse, it was almost unavoidable that the Egyptian question should come up in some form.
1886: France:France:~Nevertheless, it was not the Premier's utterances, nor the Hova controversy not any direct discussion of the policy of colonial expansion, that set the press so sharply against England's continued stay in Egypt. The provocation came, indeed. from Berlin, but in far other guise than that in which those who looked there for a helping hand in the expulsion of the British garrison from Egypt could have foreseen or imagined. The semi official Berlin press had propped that France should occupy Tripoli, not Egypt. Possibly, the advice was given merely to test the feelings of , not as to Tri pili hut the more imputant region to the east of it. If so, it was successful. The proposition was rejected with disdain, and the German authorities obtained the fullest disclosure of ’~s aspirations. That from a mere feeler of that kind Prince Bismarck should have advanced in a few weeks to an alliance with France against England is, ss already said, the least likely of possibilities. —[Gazette.
1886: England:France:~  and Egypt.
1886: France:England:~The cable despatch with reference to the critical relatione between France and England simply repeats, with increased emphasis, a story that has been current since M. Herbette was sent to Berlin to wards the close of September. It was then reported that Prince Bismarck was ipeting for the friendship of France as against England, and that, if only the French Ministry would give some pledge that it had renounced the hankering after Alsace-Lorraine, Germany would support Fiance in her preteusiona am to Egypt. The rimes' Berlin correspondent, in com menting on this rumor, said that it was as far front the truth as possible. If the Chancellor was looking for a new ally to help him in the existing crisis in European affairs, he was more likely to apply to England than to France. If M. Her-belle's mission to the German capital was meant, therefore, to bring about an understanding between France and Germany in opposition to England's continued occupation of Egypt, itwienotat all probable that he would accomplish hie iHjrposs. This opinion seems td nave been based on the recent tone of the Semi-official German press, which was more favorable than it had been for years before to an Anglo. German alliance. The long existing union in foreign policy between the central empires was originally formed with the object of checking the ambition of Russia. The aggressive attitude or that ppwer in the Balkan peninsula concerned England as well as Austria, and, notwithstanding the seeming acquieeceuse of the Berlin Government in the policy adopted by the Czar towards Bulgaria, it well known that Prince Bismarck pun it With disapproval. Humor having of late mediated  with the Northern Power, he would naturally use his diplomatic talents to prevent a conjunction which would be perilous to the rest of Europe, but lie had no thought* in doing so, of offending  or of sett ing up a bar to her co operation with Ger many and Austria. Unless, therefore, his sentiments have materially changed in
1886: and another thing was to make a child	’~^public debt of France is the largest	pictures every day.” Hut this wasn’t an	H	«mî‘ttVms * Mp,rl*l,,e 8end
1886: France::~Credit Fonder  Canadien.
1887: |»liu»~s published by tho Russian impels based o.i the assumption of a war between France and (ierimmy. At tho War office and the Admiralty the opinion grows hourly that Russia means simultaneous operations against Bulgaria and Afghanistan and that Austria and England will meet her ou those fields.
1887: France::~trees. If you ca i hew it down you will peacefully and happily.	made modem , and profoundly stamp- oall times of peaue, would cause oonsid»|T
1887: France::~A San Franciso florist, who has been re they began to nod, and reminded them I almost endless round of chores is called, plenishing his stock of flowers and shrubs by that  expected they would give value when he returns from school. Let those stealing from the Mounta n View cemetery, for their salaries. At other times he would who govern themselves after this fashion re-w»s caught the other night, and gladly paid retain them in consultation from nine In the fleet upon the fats it Gatewood, who grade*
1887: France::~Prosper Geary, a French lace dealer, who embem led $120,000 In Paris, arrived in New York the other day and wae arrested. He agreed to return to  voluntarily.
1887: France:England:~guieh a shrimp, how much will be required |t is the only alternative to war between father and as vice president and secretary deafness, throat eUmeiil^aod ny ther to vitalise an infant, restore a child, strength-	 and . The hatred of French- of the Panama Canal Company ought to complications of this distrewng disease,
1887: France:Germany:~If you are sending for your friends you can obtain prepaid passage tickets at lowest rates at thin oSce, available from England. Ireland, Badland, . , Sweden and Norway.
1887: France:Germany:~ mobilises  will mobilise also.
1887: of us—~of a departure from that course by The ATotoerermin, of St. Petersburg aayi anybody coming into the country to at- the convention places Egypt under th tack the Queen's representative, and that perpetual tntilage of England. France in reference to questions that have no re- and Russia, this paper mays, are expected to 1st ion to Canada or Canadian affairs, protest that the Porto has no right to Lord Lanadowne, representing Queen dispose of the future destinies of Egy Victoria in Canada, is extremely popular inasmuch as Turkey has no proprietory
1887: If yon are sending for your friend* you ran obtain •repaid |nuikigi; ticket# at loww»t rates at this oftive, tv«~ilahlo fWnn England, Ireland, Scotland, France. Germany, Sweden and Norway.
1887: France:Canada:~ does not differ materially from B'lffeme we not noera ly swan that these ala##### .	we contagious, or that they are due to the presence
1888: France::~His father owned a farm in Pennsylvania, and young Audubon was sent there from , to look after It ; but ho looked more at the birds than after the farm, and what he saw suggested his great work on Ameri- Haiti ink, •ith new
1888: France:Germany:~And  and  would fain E'en fight again o’er Alsace-Lorraine,
1888: France::~has gone to  for the purpose of en-	since the general pacification of 1815 there
1888: Valace \ ard, \\ estminster, Oct. 29, An go but nearly all that is furnished to Dorn. 1618. Remember his many virtues j£n„~|an(jt France, Russia, and Austria is and that he was a mortal.	provided by the United States.
1888: France::~The anti-foreign craze in  grows. I Cobourg gaol on a charge of murder.
1888: Germany:France:~much more valued and utilized than in Eog From a chemical point of view, man is j land, and the waterways are specially look composed of thirteen elements, of which five ed after by the Government, which h are gases and eight are solids. If we con- cently undertaken a large expenditure for aider the chemical composition of a man of their further development.  the average weight of one hundred and , has a canal system of con side
1888: England:France:~Canada, 2,379; , 289; , 28;,	B -
1888: France:Germany:~Mr. Charles Demachv, one of the great bankers ol , died n. me was on the bond given to Prince Bismarck in lxothschilu's < dice, promising 2.0 000,000 francs indemnity to  as the price for not marching the whole German army through Paris. The money was to be paid in gold, and when Bismarck saw the signatures he postponed his demand fui spot cash.
1888: France::~The Emperor of Chinas railway train, which has just been constructed in , is about to be shipped at Marseilles. It consists of six carriages, three of which are for the E npsror’e own use. They are most sum} tuously decorated and furnished, and the doors and panels are ornamented with immense brass dragon#.% In each of the imperial saloons is a throne atone end, with a small table for opium smoking in front of it.
1888: Brussels. There were special dairy features	£~48,000.	The	Queen of Italy has command |	love of a titled lady, and this, with his in-	^d France, in which the new product has
1888: France::~there were 62.8 suicides out of every million z|ety she feels when I am going to make a polatioD, while in 1876 the porportion epeeoh before the Judtfcs, what joy when I 73. In  in 1827 the suicides were have finished it! She places people here 48 in a million ; in 1852 the porportion was there in the audience to bring her word 102. Of all the kingdoms of Europe that of what applauses have been accorded to my Saxony has the greatest number of suicidt «~, tpeeoh, what has been the issue of the trial. | any desired quantity, the proportion in 1849 being 174 out of jf j gtve readings of my works anywhere every million inhabitants, while in 1877 it ,y@ sits close by, separated by a screen, and had increased to 391. For the United States drink# in my praises with most greedy ears, accurate statistics are not furnished, but	My verses also she singe and sets them to the
1889: introducing in its place a law which must be characterized as humbug, emanating from men who know nothing of the subject, but want to show their authority because they are in power and cause to disappear from our statute books one of best laws that could possibly be introduced, just because it was put there by men who happen to differ from the present Government in politics. When party feeling is carried to that extent in this Province it is time that all honest men unite, irrespective of creed nationality or politics, to stamp out a system which is sure to ruin our Province in the very near future and drive us into the only alternative left to us,g| direct taxation in earnest, in former days the Premier, then leader of the Opposition, predicted that the then Government was driving the Province to direct taxation—his intention then was unfounded—~but to-day, under his management, we have the reality and this under the great Parti National, (Applause.) Before terminating his remarks he wished to draw the attention of the House to what he considered a defect in our Parliamentary practice, vis HM a member of the House was called away from his duties here the practice is to get a pair, and as ho felt always ready to be oblig-; and civil to his colleagues, no matter _ what side of the Speaker they sat. he up to the present had never yet refused to shew his civility in that way and had always been ready to pair, but he thought when the vote was taken the names of those who had paired should appear in the journal of the House. This practice was in force in the United States and in France, and he thought it would be only proper to introduce it hero. The Premier said the matter would be taken into consideration and rather approved of the suggestion of the member for Pontiac.
1889: France::~orher.	v .	, ,	There are proposition# in  to oon Till doge howl in ohorue and oats are atraid. green one In the prosecutor'» witness, who, d th p-hhacf’ Mw-a an I\A fJtonH
1889: France:Germany:~paler in hue, but gorgeously arrayed and . Austria, and  have adopt- | ed this country that he could not speak the
1889: France:Germany:~paler in hue, but gorgeously arrayed and , Austria, and  have adopt- ed this country that he could not speak the wearing all the Crown jewels. In her hand ed smokeless gunpowder for their armies, Eoglish language," is the way his financial Alfred.''
1889: known how loyal Mr. Mowat’~s newspapers , previously returned from France, the mails were lost by fire, are to United States interests, they would ^ ^ geftt jn the House on Thursday	an official statement.
1889: France:United States:~tion ef polit l os which has taken place im  and In the ." This Is not very intiering to the two Republics,
1889: France::~I tit, DANIEL M< PHFE, Resident Dentist, I / Arnnrtor. Graduate of Toronto College of Itentai Surgeons. Twenty years experience. Formerly associated with l>r Palmer, D.D.R, of New York city, also with Dr. C. A. Mondelet. of Pails, . Nitrous oxide K is. Cocaine and Freeetng for painless operations.	tun
1889: France::~T\R, DANIEL Mcl'H EE, Resident Dentist, 1" Arnprlor. Graduate of Toronto College of Denial Murgmms. Twenty years expvr-leave. Formerly associated with Dr Palmer, of New York city, also with Dr. V. A Mondelet. of Paris, . Nitrous oxhle ga*. Cocaine and Freezing for painless operations
1889: France::~ONE Y TO LEND FOR ONE TO FIFTY TEAM Easy terras. ArvW to 8. A. Mackat, B. C. L , Notary Publie. 8H AW VILLE Ore , Agent for| Credit Foncier  Canadien. HrWol Comers vie ttwl he first Thursday of every mouth, and Quyon die 2ud Tuesday of each month.
1889: England:Russia:~100.000	population. The United States, having a doctor of medicine for eveiy 6C0 population, shows the lowest death rate in tne world, England following. The average life expectancy In the United States is now 55 years; in  among the arb'm popu lation it is 50. and among the ruraliate 54 years plus ns have a life expectancy of but 28 years, approximately, and Coiliana of the sa me, wnile In Ellobed, in the Soudan, 23 years is a generation. The average life in the Rome of the Cæ~tars was 18 years; now it is 40 years average in France has increased from 28 .«> 45$ years, and in thedaye of Queen Eiiz »beth the Euglieh average was but 20 years. Dr. Todd ascribes the great and progressive change for the better to advanced me«Ih%l knowledge, better drainage and diet, greater cleanliness, and to vaccination and ths use of arret-thetios. quinine, and the like. He think# that quinine alone has added two years to the average life of civilfud man. To those agencies should be added the decrease of war, the more lenient law#, and the greater temperance of our day.
1889: France::~The latter's iotantil* features were drawn	clealastic In , who declares that "to wn ft Ce., St Jjhn, N II ; Allen k Ox. Chlc*go
1889: France::~The elections held in  on the 22nd I tage grove avenue and College Place #*§«	a	a wwjabw am
1889: France::~Monde let. of Paris, . Nitrous oxide JjMf^Cocalne and Frees trig for painless opera-
1889: France::~turn induced an overh mi ling of those struo I  has some of the oldest trades A	m I lures with a conséquent filling off In the *#lcna jn world. The Parle carpenter's
1889: France::~thus opened are Australia, Belgium, South J pend on the spontaneous generosity of citi- | The coffin was lowered and the process of Africa, Denmark, Egypt, , (1er	MM	JÉM	j
1890: 1 \R. nAN Z FL Mc PH EK, Resident Dentist, 1 * Arnprlor. Graduate of Toronto College of Dental Surgeon»~. Twenty year* experience. Formerly enunciated with Dr. Palmer, P.D.*., of New York city, also with Dr. V. A Mondelet. of Parle, France. Nitrone oxide Cocaine and Frcexing for pain lew opera-
1890: France::~* TXR. DANIEL MrPllEK. Reuldent JVntl.t, 1 " Arnprlor. tiraduate of Toronto College of Denial Kurgeone. Twenty years experience. Formerly associated with i>r Palmer, I'.D.w., of New York city, aleo with Hr. <\ A. Mondelet, of Paris, . Nitrous oxide gas, Cocaine and Freexlniz for painless operations.	6-13
1890: Portugal, Swde® and Bré~sil, each $600 000; France, $200.000 ; HayH $240 000;
1890: TAR. DAN1RL McPHKlg, Ui altlent IVntlM, T " Arnprlor. (irnduafi‘of Toronto Voltege of Jienial Surgeons. Twenty venrs * %|w r-letue. Kormor’y numetatrtl with I>r Palmer, I *. I). •*, of „~N*w Vork city,also with lir. r. A. Monde let. of rail*. France. Nitrous oxide Km», Co<aine and Freezing for palnles* ojxou-louo.	6-l.i
1890: France::~I'kR. DANIEL McVH RE, Resident Dentist, Mr Arnnrlor.Graduate of Toronto College of Dental Burgeons. Twenty ye*r* experience. Formerly associated with Dr Palmer, P.D.S., of New York city, h!ko with Dr. V. A. Monde let. of Pari*. . Nitrous oxide raw, Cocaine and Freezing for palnles* operations.	d-13
1890: An International Postage Stamp Exposition !**gan in Vienna on April 2U. All the lx?st know*»~ stamp collectors of England, France, tlie United States, Belgium, Switzer Und, Italy, Germany, and the Orient, have signified their intention to be present, and most of them will make exhibits. The pro gramme of the Exposition H Banquets and a tour to and through the Kahleti berge. The Austrian Government lias placed in the Exposition building acorn plete set of the machiner) used by it in manufacturing postage stamps, and will strike off souvenir stamps for every visitor at the Exposition who wishes them. The most valu aide stamp in the Exposition will l»e one of the first series of 1$ küritins. It
1890: France::~hve, Sweden seventy.  eighty five, I “ Ma, I’ve an idea that/ome of the folks I	______^_____________
1890: France::~Mondelet. of Paris, . Nitrous oxide | “yk®* or not gas, Cocaine and Freexlt^for painless opera-
1890: France::~Cambrai, the name of a town in ,	simi'K.
1890: France:Canada:~Archbishop Duhamel being seen to-day by the Journal with reference to the purchase, said that he intended to erect a large church on the farm for the French Catholic residents of Hintonburg, Mecha-nicsville and other places in the immediate vicinity. There is nothing definite yet as to what priest will be in charge, but it is likely they will be of the Capuchin order of , the first of the order to be established in . These priests lead a similar life to those of the S\
1890: U U miles. It has I,.-rn constructed in or cord for steaming across the Atlantic, and halted?" Skiîü!‘~l(to a yard ;V( rt, ilteu's Iklrisor tier to facilitate trathe by water between this slight difference transfers the great capos. 2.5c a yard. Mies Stackhouse, 427 Yonge the north and the cast of France; it will ob- pride of leadership from the Inman line to | fltroot, Toronto, viate a previously-existing detour by way of the White Star. A less brilliant but almost Compiegne, and it will also relieve traffic from equally important performance was that of certain difficulties attending the navigation the City of New York, which came over in of the Aisne. The canal is considered a valu- three hours more than the Teutonic, but at able strategic work for naval uses, and, al-1 the same time showed herself the fourth though in itself of no great length, it will boat capable of crossing the ocean within reduce a voyage between the north and east j six days, of France by no less than .'$0.1 miles.
1890: France:Italy:~quiver; she had intended to be wholly logi-	dying out. ' "	Martha, who had taken out her leathern	pclago, , and  have already do-	will come when fate will liavo its rovengo
1890: France::~The Comte de Paris, pretender to the throne of , who has been visiting
1890: France::~__of Surrey,	It is a very rough specimen of	Herat ure, in the shape of the Sportimj Tim*,	evening! The note, however, contain-	that  i* aching for revenge ami that
1890: France::~deed, possessed quite a mine of worthless in and hurried out to the mess-room.	 will be able to put into the field an
1890: England:France:~In  the ratio is 30 per In Scotland 31. hi 
1890: France:France:~tion and a guarantee for us. The French-Canadian Cathodes are as free in this province as the English are in the Protestant province of Ontario. Assuredly we enjoy greater liberties that they do in France, and more especially in the French colonies administered and governed from Paris. In France had not lost us in an jnfort unate war she would probably lost us in another way, for we woulc hAve submitted to the forms of government which are applied by  to her colonies. The liberties enjoyed by the English colonies alongside of us would hive drawn us to them in spite of the difference of language and religious belief. The separation effected by force of arms has left us full of attachment for our mother evuntry and has permitted us at the same time to progiess without being stopped or emharreased by the crises which have so often shaken up . We prefer our institutions to those of F/auce. ’
1890: France:russia:~times and places of the great soldiers achievements. Startinglj vivid to my imagination became the succession of splendid military operations of which W ullmgton had been at once the genius and the hero. First I saw him in India where his career began. Then in thought I followed him to Portugal, to Spain, to . I-ast of all I looked on his short but glorious campaign in Belgium. I saw him sweep through the smaller affairs of Quatre Bas and Ligny to meiiBure swords with the iiu.itnry Colossus of this world on the battlefield of Waterloo. The agony of the long wait for Blucher seized my soul heard the blare of trumpets as the great Pn advanced ! 1 saw the line of battle lengthened and strengthened ! The time had come ! The historic command, “up, guards,and at them,” was about to ring outon the battle-vexed air !	1 was thrilled, trans-
1891: France::~It, DAN I EL McPHEE, Resident Dentist. Arnprlor. Urwduate of Toronto College of Denial Surgeon*. Twenty years experience. Formerly associated with I>r Dal mi r, I\D.H.,of New Y ork city, also with Dr C. A. Mondelet. of Pari*. . Nitrous oxide ea*. Cocaine ami Freezing. On* ami Electric Vibrator, foi nalnless operat on*.
1891: Italy::~: j landed to 1,000,000.  is BHHHl the European powers whose claims to a share of Africa are of very recent date. She had, indeed, a station at Asaab on the Red Sea in 1804, but even of this ahe did not officially take possession until 1880. Now she asserts sovereignty over about 800,000 square miles, of which 30Ô~.UU0 are comprehended in Abyssinia, Shoa, and KafFa. As to the boundaries of Abyssinia, however, on the north and west, Italy has not yet come to an agreement with England. The future extension of Italy's territory in Africa lies in another quarter. There seems to be a tacit u nderstand -ing between the three central powers and England that Italy shall ultimately acquire Tripoli and its dependencies, of which Turkey is now suzerain, and which are computed to contain 380,000 square miles. Tnere remains Spain, whose total claims in 1876, including patches on the seacoast of Morocco, the Canaries, Fernando Po and Anna-bon, Corisco and Elobey Islands, and Muni territory, amounted to only 3,660 square miles. Now she claims the whole coast from Cape Blanco to Cape Bojador, besides an enlargement of the Muni district, and has made treaties with the chiefs of Adrar and neighboring tracts, giving her an addition cf 200,* 000 square miles, so that, if all her pretensions arc admitted, she will own about 220,000 square miles on the Dark Continent. The Madrid Government also contends that if Morocco is to be conquered and annexed by any European power, the prior right of Spain should be conceded. It is probable, however, that this claim will be disputed by France, as regards, at all events, the eastern 83i t on of Morocco.
1891: Italy:Spain:~Of the 11,900,000 square miles in Africa the part already divided between France, Great Britain, Germany, the Congo Free State, Portugal, , and  amount» to 7,590,406. If we deduct from the remainder the Khedive’s nominal
1891: France::~jy*.DANIEL McPHEK, Resident Dentist, II Arnprior. Graduate of Toronto College of Dental Burgeons. Twenty years experience. Formerly associated with Dr Palmer, J).D. 9., of New York city, also with Dr. C. A. Mondeiet, of Paris, . Nitrous oxide gas, Cocaine and Freezing, Cas and Electric Vibrator, for painless operations.
1891: There is a sound of shouting before Pilate’~s ! mark ot interrogation punctuating all Iiih an(g hig voice rang uut clear and strong but Ouncei 6	I France are coming to be recognized as form-
1891: you than for me, probably.— Will you trust their steps whithersoever they will ; to a " What ! afraid ?" he asked. “~ What normal school, $*2400 ; each of tho professors | the astral shape seemed to be asleep. By a me, child ; will vou try to trust me ?"	boy, relieved for the first time of restraint, 1 frightens you, man ? You were plucky at Vie ( <>,,c6e of, France, $*20000 ; director : double impulse, we, both of us, experienced
1891: rankled m me. of tho life wenmuitWlead,' andm-m^	You’re restless. Go and walk ^ ®~^et police force of France cosU $:U)0- vanished, condensing into a small sphere
1891: France::~making a good deal of trouble for the French and Knglish. He occupies territory on the Mnk of the Va/amaiiro River, which is lumiinally within 's dominions, though he has never attempted to exert real autor-
1891: France::~the world talks daily. Ho you not know that	it	may	as well he utilized	for cro-	| the ruler of , ami said he would dona
1891: 1I«~- to! I the King lie hud conn- to him ns bis friend, and that the ruler ot France was \ cry much averse to i
1891: France::~He -aid  wished to live at
1891: p<»~ nfuls of flour in a	if France would send somebody to him to
1891: France::~insists on having a receipt.	. In token of his vassalage he prom-	their names were placed in a box	and every	•
1891: France::~TAR, DANIEL Mem EE, Resident Dentist, 1 " Arnprior.Uraduate of Toronto College ol Dental Surgeons. Twenty year* experience. Formerly associated with I)r Palmer, P. D. 9., of New York city, also with Dr. U. A. Mondelet. of Paris, . Nitrons oxide gas. Cocaine and Freezing, Uns and Electric Vibrator, for painless operat ion».
1891: France::~J" Arnprior. Graduate of Toronto College of Dental Surgeons. Twenty years experience. Formerly associated with Dr. Palmer, D.D.9.,of New York city, also with Dr. C. A. Moudelet. of Paris, . Nitrous oxide gas, Cocaine and Freezing, Gas and Electric Vibrator, for painless operations.
1891: nee the young princess, about lti years old,	(|Ue€~.n, and he returned to	Egypt with Ins	made it possible for them to have the reli	in<,vrMtlc France. But letters received in !	t-here stands a chapel huilt in commemoration
1891: France::~TXR,DANIEL McPHEE,Resident Dentist, A" Arnnrlor. Graduate of Toronto College of Dental Surgeons. Twenty years experience. Formerly associated with hr Palmer, b.I>.S.,of New York city, also with Dr. V. A. Mondelet. of Paris, . Nitrous oxide gas, Cocaine and Freezing, Gas and Electric Vibrator, for painless opera! Ions.
1891: Russia:France:~She did not knit the tidies especially tor ^ders of cablegrams to the London press, the market, but one day her sou took a few ^ that the Chinese Government is doing samples to Boston, where lie found a ready best in the very difficult circumstances, gale for them at Whitney s store on the Lord Salisbury, it is known, is not disposed corner of Tremont and XN inter streets. The to take any step which might have to be tidies seemed to strike Mr. Witney s eus- BUpp0rted by acts leading to war, from tomers very favorably and lie was obliged which  would be the chief gainer. A to find the old woman in Holbrook and h Kusso-Chincsc war is only a question of secure for his store all the tidies she had. time, and  is watching fora chance Not only this, but he arranged with her to %q makc aome important frontier rcctifna-take all she could make at a good figure, tions at the expense of China without pay* She soon found, however, that she could not . too greatA prjce for them in blood and begin to till the order, for a certain class of moDCy
1891: France::~north of , about 115 miles from the field.
1891: France::~It afore adjournment the following new | $475,000,000 in the Hank of , wit incases responded to the roll call :	¦
1892: T\R DANIEL McPHRE, Resident Dentist, Am-1 r prior.graduate of Toronto College of Dental 8?ir-Kr,®.ne^T’~?5?ly yeeri ,,*lwrienre. Formerly aMoeiatod wlthDr Palmer of New York Gill. sIm with Di. C. A. M'indelet. of Parle, France. Nitrous oxide gas, Cocaine and Freezing,Gas and llectrie Tibrator. for painlew extractions. AT 1^11 expenses allowed to people from a distance havi„g dentaJ operations.
1892: towards Mr Laurier the same language | LIT BON, M Macdonell a ve. Toronto Ont. he used in hi»~ letter to the Lieutenant Governor. Prominent Liberals are leaving for the South or for France in order not to be forced into the struggle. The Liberals are pressing Pacaud to put hie $20,000 New York fund into the election pot, but he positively refuses to give up more than $6,000.
1892: taring upon any remarks regarding the ber of peuple in the county, whom he had five years he had been in opposition and remark* relative to the division in the Con- aud anew election held.-Carried, political situation of affairs he deemed it represented for the past ten years. He could do nothing for the county ; had he servative rank*, he thought It wa* well to s«e his duty to apologize to the chairman for I Came as a worker a* well as a candidate, given a half support to Mercier he could they were unanimous to-day. It was cer-Bomething he (the speaker) had said at a and he felt assured if he was the candi- have got a good deal, but he preferred not talnly to be *afU In favor of the Conservative* email meeting held at Shawville on the date he could with the co-operation of his to sacrifice his political principles and that lhat they had done wbat the Liberal* had 16th, at which the doctor had taken of- friends “lick” any Grit their adversariea explained why he got nothing. But he not done ln the way of ridding themselves of fence. He explained that for the past | could bring out ; but he did not say this asked the electors to look over the period theboodlere. How a man could come out now two months he had been receiving letters because of an) particular merit which he when his friends were in power—from *n<1 announce himself a candidate,In favor and telegrame from all parta of the county himself possessed. A crisis in oui history 1882 to 1886—and they would find that of Mercier wa* more than be could underfront parties who looked to him as their has been reached; the position he had obtained $34,000 in four years, for stand. That man who had added millions to standard-bearer. He thought these peo for the electors to consider was roads and bridge* in the county. Since our debt and who had peddled the whole propie meant what they said. It was realized whether they were in favor of honest gov Mercier came in what had the county re- vt°~ce around,France aud could not get more that an important crisis in tbe history of ernment or a return to power of the band ceived I—only about five or six thousand lhsn lhree million* advanced on IL Five our affairs had been reached,—the time of scoundrels and thieves who had charge dollars! People perhaps might forget years more of Mercier rule would bring ne to had come when honest men onght to unite of the affairs of the province for the past whit had been done,but an enduring mon- d,reet taxation and that we could not *tand. to hold the county of Pontiac or the Con- five years. He did not think they would ument of services he had rendered exist- *ï0 closed th<- mines by a tax which in servative party and elect a representative vote for a return of Mercierism unless ed between the village of Bryson and Cal- "°meea*e* wa* more than the thing* were in fa vor of hones ; government. Nobody they were willing to allow themselves to umet Island ; this had once been called worlh; this mining tax proposed to take a could deny that fit#county was Conserva- be humbugged by sectional appeals. He “the Poupore folly.,K If that was folly he mftn 81,and W7 U defded 10 h,m : live, but at thy last election, owing to could not believe the elector, would give thought tho ele< tore could not do better he considered tt nothing «bort of robblngjuid
1892: France::~A new cause has arisen for a lawsui woman in  was notified by the authorities of a lunatic asylum of her brother's death. She went to the funeral, and ordered a handsome tombstone. Her mother was so grieved at her son’s death that the plaintiff had to give up her Then she le of the asylum had made a mistake and that her brother was alive, After unsucessful efforts for compensation she has gone to the court, claiming heavy damages for grief and injury.
1892: T\H DANIEL Me PH EE, Ré~sidant Dentist. Am-\_J prior.graduate of Toronto College oi Denial Surgeons. Twenty years experience. Formerly associated with Dr. Palmer of New York City, also with Di. C. A. Mondelet, of Paris, France. Nitrous oxide gas, Cocaine and Freezing, Gas and EUVtri;: Vibrator, for painless extractWns. gw Full expenses allowed tv people from a distance having dental operations.
1892: Italy:France:~Switzerland,  and Belgium talking of retaliation against , owing to the new French tariff.
1892: France::~TiR DANIEL MePIIKK, Resident Dentist. Am-MJ prior,graduate of Toronto College ol Dental 8ur-geens. Twenty years experience Formerly associated with Dr. Palmerof New York City, also with Dr. C. A. Mondelet, of Pahs,  Nitrous oxide gas, Coealne and Freezing. Gaa and iflBftrfc Vibrator, for palaleaa extractions or Full expenses allowed to people from a distance having dental operation*.
1892: France::~One-fifth of the 10,000,000 families in  have no children. As many more have only one child, and of those who have as many as seven the number is only 2.30,000
1892: Germany:Canada:~That was an excellent piece of advice Sir John Thompson gave to Dr. Lander kin in the House the other day. What de we see around us ? We see anarchism in France, lynch law in the United States, famine in Russia, Austria and India, labor troubles in England and Australia, war clouds over  and Turkey, civil war playing havoc in the republics of Latin America ; in short, spring eruptions break iug out almost everywhere, except under the strong and healthy constitution of this  of ours. Why don't the pessi-roests read the papers.
1892: to the Roosevelt hospital, where for four These ere the marked symptoms of a se- jn all the centuries dawned upon the mind can he ignited. The charmed, refined feel-months I was treated by specialists and re re case of locomotor ataxia. “~ And Dr. 0f man, and it will forever vindicate Col- jng8 that flow steadily nn when St. Leon is they pronounced my case locomotor Starr said a case with such marked symp- umbus from the charge of a craven spirit, imbibed those only can tell who try it well ataxia and incurable. After I hail been toms could not be cured, and Quant who was No matter how many dark crimes he was The employment of plaster in the mani-under treatment by Prof. Starr and Dr. receiving treatment in the out-patient de- engaged in in that dark age, no matter how pu|atjon of wines is still quite general Ware for four months, they told me they partment, was given up u* mcuiahle.	many Indians he sold into captivity, that ^^g^^the South of France. A recent
1892: France::~\J prior,graduate of Toronto College of Dental dur-goons. Twenty yosre experience. Formerly associated with Dr. Palmer of New York Citr. also with Dr. C. A. Momielet. of Paris, . Nitrons oxide gas, Cocaine and Freezing,One and Electric Vibrator, for
1892: darkness. I could not lift my eyes, and a | hair was gray—~even white ; but we know England has thirty-four astronomical oh great pain was at my heart, and all around i that time alone is not the producer of gray aervatories, America eighty, France seven-was nothing but dark ness—~darkness 1 Then hairs. There are other snows than those of ; teen, Austria twenty-four, Italy twenty-one, my eyes	were	opened, and I saw thee be-	age ; other frosts that whiten men’s heads—~	! Russia fifteen and Belgium	five. Besides
1892: France:France:~The bill for staying the depopulation of  which M. Le Roy is preparing to lay before the Chamber, is by no means a laughing matter, as the French bachelor of the future may discover. For among its provisions is a proposal to puts progressive tax upon bachelors, while on the other hand creating a sliding scale of taxation, to be reduced in proportion to the number of children in a family. M. Le Roy proposes to follow English law in reducing the legal age at which a man becomes his own master to twenty-one and in giving a woman the right of compelling the father of her illegitimate child to recognize and provide for hie offspring. It was none too soon that this last provision became French law as well am English law, but M. Le Roy goes a long step further when he proposes to der a husband committing adultery liable to imprisonment. We confess we should not have thought  to be the most favorable country for that experiment.
1892: France::~The hero of the hour, the man who is the subject of conversation all through  and Switzerland just now, ami the theme of long articles by brilliant journalists in both countries, is A. Emile Peiizler. Beautiful poems and idyllic romances to the I perpetuation of his memory are appearing Ly scores ; his name is on every tongue, and, if he was not gifted with wonderful self possession and the truly brave and noble spirit he has so powerfully manifested, there would almost seem to be danger of hie being spoiled by the tremendous g | I flow of adulation that is being accorded him.
1892: France::~misfortunes of his father and grandfather s,8ht of ^'?8 Inlel h8ht- The wind had 663,058,100 gallons of wine.  has in bv his former schoolfellow, John Bryne. passengers, five officers and three sergeants Yesterday morning this depressioninddeaW gone down’ but th? eea Waa etiU hi8h* 0f round numbers about 35,0< 0,000 of inhabi- Knowing that upon news of this farther of the Hong Kong garrison were among the developed into violent madness and the thirty with whom we started hut six	I	tants, which would give an average of near-	murder a special train would he sent to	lost.	Among the saved are Dr. Loweon and
1892: France::~sculptors of , was stone blind at the ness accompanied by	- ¦	¦ ^	1 I connection with the pursuit of the Kelly
1892: France::~berfun No particular incident occurred to by her husband and friends, who were The moet expensive Legislature in the relieve the monotony of Oe journey until powerless to rescue the boy, but who could WOfM ie that 0{, which costs annual-we reached Butarilari on May -26, where prevent her going to a similar fate. 1 heme iy £720,000. The Italian Parliament costs the king was warmly received by hi. pco- scones were enacted over ^T‘n .tttt £S6,(XX).
1892: France::~what to mend and what not to mend for *or the baby's sake. It may be hard	to do.	can ever occur.	Though the idea still lin-	.	unusually strong there. They could lift
1892: France::~monster hostile engine is 19jin, and the UansdlsM Celtic, the fact that the tracks redoubtable and ferocious guard of atnazons sieeve*6M tunic of blue and white native wh\vh ,IM 8lnntd Against human society barrel is 44ft long. The greatest diameter are ?f the "tandard gauge and the grading | At the close of the war in 1889  c,oth' with short, half Turkish trousers and ou«l,t U ** Punuhed its crime, as it was of this gun is 6Jft, audits range of tire is h»» been done without putting in the under-1 made a treaty with the king, by which	in | » curious headdress ornamented with horns.	middle agw.
1892: France::~weighs 27001b, and is fired by a charge of fo l>e used, would furnish it.	I 000 francs he recognized 'sr ghts j are ftl1 *liko marvelous to see. At full of midd1,e aRes- «° often instituted against
1892: I tell you sir,' said the grateful man with qutrez a visit, adding that he had seen her jf brevity is the soul of wit, then is it any enthusiasm, “~it is my full intention to several times since his return to France, wonder that the short man is witty!
1893: In 1552 the Patriarch of Aqufleia feted Rauuecio Farneso, the Pope's nephew, in his palace on the Giudecca. Tho rooms were decked with extraordinary sumptuousness ; cloth of gold, paintings, and (Ruminations adding to the effect produced by the Patriarch*»~ cooks. Among the guests were twelve gentlemen in fancy marine costume of green satin with red lining, wearing caps of the same colors, and each accompanied by a lady dressed in white, same reason. This shark sometimes reaches I This repast also lasted four hoars, varied a length so great as 40ft., but from 25ft. to by music and the professional entertainers 30 ft. seems to lie the more frequent size of of the day. ft ended with the cutting up adults which a redound in our seas. Being a of certain large pies, from which live very bulky fish for its length, individuals of birds flew out into the room. The guests large size run to great weights, such as half strove with each other to catch those birds, a ton Another character is the beak-like But, perhaps, the most expensive banquet projecting snout, which frowns over the ever given in Venice was that to Henry III, eyes like exaggerated eyebrows. The mouth, of France. He was tcastod in the great also, is far forward, and not deep under tlia hall of tho Doge s Palace, and there were head, as in sharks generally. Tho colour of silver plates for 3,000 guests. At another these animals is blackish brown, lighter on time the same monarch was entertained at a the undersides. The snout is dark rod- sugar banquet ; the napkins, plates, knives, dial), dirty whitish underneath. The forks, and even the bread (so called) were basking sharks are not always in- all of sugar. The Venetians were mightily active in their habits, as they some- pleased when Henry took his napkin in his times leap out of the water, exposing hands, and, to his surprise, found it broke most of their huge body, is though at play, to pieces. At this feast I860 different Another curious habit is swimming on the dishes were served, and 300 sugar effigies top of the smooth sea, with an undulating were distributed among the ladles, motion, the snout and eyes being well clear Whatever might have been said against of the water. It is supposed that this habit tho Venetians, they were a hospitable people is the origin of tho so called sea-serpent, for —this, Vo. in email as well as In g in that ooudition the snout and eyes would matters. When, for example, in 1476, give the required conditions (with a little ambassador from the Khan of Tar added) to fulfil the many descrip mythical beast. The capture of 1
1893: France::~Gladstone Starts for -
1893: À London despatch say# !—~Mr. Gladstone, who intends to spend a short vacation in the south of France, embarked upon a Channel steamer at Folkestone to-day. The sun was shining brightly and the weather was balmy. Mr. Gladstone went aboard the steamer some time before the hour set for her sailing. NgggggÊÊgggÊNg upper deck, large crowd of his friends and admirers were on the steamer to bid him adieu. When they went ashore they rein Hoed on the wharf, and ae the steamer haul# I out they cave Mr. Gladstone an ovation. He acknowledged their cheers by bowing and waving his hand
1893: England:France:~We have on fyle thousands of testimonials from customers In , Scotland, , end Oermay, In which countries the Soap has been In use for >ears.
1893: Jenny, is hereby called upon to appear be- Winnipeg, made matches by wholesale. The fore this Court and report himself, on or be- j y0Uî~lg women were given free transportation fore Friday, Jan. 20 th, 1893, at 11 o clock 0f course, the object lieing to make homes p.m., under pain ot being declared dead, in Manitoba and thus secure the permanent There was an excess of 10.0UO deaths over settlement of the country. Incident-births in France during 1891. There has I ally the natural increase of the population been an almost uninterrupted decrease in ! was provided for. I remember one man the number of births each year since 1881, who drove over 700 miles to get a wife. He and the pi even lion of an actual decline in the was present when a train load of girls ar-total population is attributed to the influx of rived and spotted the young woman he immigrants. There were 285,000 marriages wanted offhand. Within seven minutes in 1891, the greatest number since 1884, and after the train came in the pair were united 5,752 divorces were granted during the in matrimony and the bridegro >m started year. The figures are from the official re- away with his bride in a buck board wag-turns just issued.	; gon. ’
1893: France::~Kinperor Alexander that  warn five .	Il#	Milne
1893: France::~The Ribot ministry of  has gone territorial waters adjacent to their newly to the wall after an existence of scarce- acquired territory existed in their full ly three month's duration. It makes the turd state unimpaired and unlimited by 29th that has gone to pieces since the re- ally treaty or bargain whatever, public was established 22 years ago.	That from the year 1867 down to the
1893: Hon. Mr. Shehyn, ex provincial treasurer, who has been in a rath«~r poor state of health for some time past, leaves on a trip to Europe next week. He will re main for some time in the South of France.
1893: France::~Province actually produces pir acre six olas ve >!,n Vans U, an territory \\ ,th this ie eAid to be greater than in ; in As.ande I. of Boeporoua In the seventh oen* o^X’ because the fires ere a very niucli times a* much as South Carolina. Yet •uperion.y 1,1 productiveness, of the great portion, of southern Ontario the average tury B.C., and iV nine kilometres long.	8'gbt in the dark than in daylight.
1893: France::~Ontario is not a corn country in one sense ' le <rr0P#*	*** matter ot course, a p8r SOre is twice a# greM m in , and Mention is made of this in the writings of Aflvr remaining at the edge and near the
1893: France::~ys in , passengers ils in packages.
1893: accountable manner. Pare Dolbeau lost the use of his limbe, and in ht»~ voyage to France for treatment the powder magazine of the ship took firs and, as the Relations ¦	¦ he was " blown to heaven.” In
1893: France::~M. Fernand Peltier, ex-member of the French Chamber of Deputies, Parie,, is a guest at the Roisin houes, Toronto. M. Peltier has spent a month at the World’s Fair, and was not much Impressed. When asked what ho thought of the exhibition, he
1893: France::~" What do you think of the Siamese affair! Did  get all she wanted ?”
1893: France::~" Oh, yes.  simply wanted to got control of the west coast of Siam clear north
1893: France:England:~places the western border of India wedgeshaped between France on the south and Russia, her friend, on the north. 1 his is what France and Russia wanted. Some day you will see the importance of that move. After the blockade was lifted, English and American papers said that  had been humiliated by  and that the French people would make it warm for the French Government. Nothing of the kind. The French Government succeeded in doing just what they desired, and th# people applaud their success.’
1893: Italy:France:~"What do you think will lie the result of the present complications bvt'/een  and  ?”
1893: Italy:France:~" Oh, it will aiiv*uut to nothing.  and  arc not going to war because of riots Veti/oen their people.”
1893: France::~M. Devillers. 's special envoy em- ere.-2of them about 8-ycars old. the other a
1893: France::~Great excitement prevails in  ow ing to the discovery that, of the twenty -eight companies which own the various submarine cables which encircle with •» iron net, no 1
1893: English, and that during the recent trouble»~ in connection with Siam the despatches addressed to the French Government from the far east were read and known at the English Foreign Office several hours before their delivery in Paris. France is, in fact, entirely dependent upon English oompaniep far cable communication with her various colonial dependencies including even Tunis, and actually g'»e« * fur im t.» subsidy of $60,000per annum t o toe "F
1893: France::~on her hat, jnsfc the color of the spots on I and the average daily earnings of a London When one talks or writes about working their seats at tho table, one of them deposit- Brazil from them, while with  and her cheeks. I seen she was watchin’ the omnibus (belonging to that company) for butter till tho buttermilk is out, it may be ing his carpet bag on the chair next to Great Britain the balance of trade is heavily preacher, an’ was all ink up with what he	jgpo were £2 11s. 2d., as against £2 4s. 5d.	8et down that such a person is not correct	him.	! against Brazil, so heavy, in fact, that most
1894: R. DANIEL MoPHEE, Resident Dentist. Am-prior,graduate of Toronto College of Dental Burgeons. Twenty yearsexjwrience. Fvrmerlyasso.’~lated with Dr. Palmer of New York City, also with Dr. C. A. Mondelet,of Paris, France. Nitrous oxide gas, Coealne and Freezing,Gas and Electric Vibrator, for l>ainlessextractions. MT Full expenses allowed to eoplefrom a distance Laviigdentaloperatlons.
1894: France::~thickly populated, and fairly prosperous. But they belong to a certain Uol. Cothn, living in , whose immediate ancestors secured them as a grant from the Crown for his conduct during the révolu-
1894: France:Germany:~on the part of Germany, According to the ethics of war. everything is fair, li France can find mon of consummate craft, daring enough, aud possessing the requisite technical education, she will not scruple to send them to skulk al>out tho military and naval works of her old enemy, for the purpose cf unravelling their mystery. Young French military students, tired by professional enthusiasm as well a* by patriotism, long tv make a oIofo acquaintance with the triumphs of German military eng The risk adds another element of iveness from the soldier's standpoint. There ns^quoutly plenty of volunteer spies, at the service of . But  •~ unsleeping watchfulness is hard to evade. She ha* many military secrets to guard. So, for that matter, has France, and so havo all tin great armed powers. Tho m aterial, the instruments, and the tactic; of war, as well a* tho plans ot strongholds and tho adopted theory of defence, lose much of their strength when they ,
1894: Germany:France:~to the point of attack. The fact of such an invention as this cannot be kept concealed, and its effect in stimulating inventiveness cannot bo checked, But the details of a defensive system are somewhat different. Their efficiency is not a matter of public report. They canbe kept private, if spies can be excluded aud so long as everybody connected with them proves incorruptible by bribery. But 's military secrete are made a burden to her by the prying disposition of Franc*. She hopes that  wdl bargain for the freeing of the two prisoners by promising to send no more spies.	_______
1894: France::~Jules Roche, the well known deputy, raised an alarm in Paris this week by declaring that there has been an annual de ticit of *.')0,000,000 to $00,000,000 in the revenue for several years, in 'spite of an apparent balance in the budget accounts. The expenses of the Uovernnwnt increased from 2,775.000,000 franees in 1875 to 3,357,000,000 last year. Naval expenses increased from 204,000,000 francos in 1890 to 261,000,000 in the current year. It will not be surprising if an attempt be made before long in  to raise the cry that war will be cheaper than peace.
1894: Germany::~to Dr. Oliver WendeP. Holmes not long ago there if she is kf avoid attack. He believes propounding four questions which are often that to crush Britain would be to send asked of public men, and the distinguished British commerce largely to , and poet’~s answers are not without interest for thus to produce an eilecfc that France, for their conciseness	instance, would not relish ; but he fears
1894: France::~TXR.DANIEL MePHlE, Resident Dentist. Are-Ay prior .gnul ust# of Toronto College ol Dental Surgeons. Twenty yeare experience. Formerly associated wltk Dr. Palmer of New York City, also with Dt. C. A. Mondelet.of Paris, . Nitrous oxide gee, Obtains end Freezing ,Oes and llectrlc Vibrator, for painless extractions. tW Full expenses allowed to eaplefrom a distance hevh g dental ope rations.
1894: Germany:France:~So, too, the au Allows are now in r lorids temptations thrown m their way by sn ex* I takes iname from Swit/rr unulf and southward, and the purple martini are oellent chef, the fatal fruits and liqueurs, where it is supposed to have originated, in Mexico, but just where our little chim- aj| toward their ruin. And after din- but as a matter of fact it is now made largely ncy swift	ner it 1B quite on the cards that a belated in , in  and in New Jersey.
1894: France::~The only rival which Roquefort has had, and one which a few yeai ago really threatened itspopularityin this country the Italian Gorgonzola. This was reall imitation of the Roquefort, but as wanting in its excellences as are the cream cheeses of New Jersey when compared with those of .
1894: France::~F|R.DANIEL McFlIER, Resident Dentist. Arn-U prior,graduate of Toronto College ol Dental Surgeons. Twenty year# experience, formerly associated With Dr. Pslinerof New York City, also with Di. C. A. Mondelet, of Parts, . Nitrous oxide gas, Cocaine and Kreexfng.Oaa and Electric Vibrator, for painlessextraetione. Uf Full expenses allowed to soplef rora a distance havl. g dental operations.
1894: United States:France:~Mr Henry P. da Bel let*,  Consul at Khaims port a new electric read carriage which is being successfully operated in that city. The carriage is that of Mr. Paul Pouchain, of Armentierse, Department of Nord, , and it is considered as the solution of the problem studied for many years by the French electricians.
1894: In connection with the very general impression that we ars on the eve of a financial and commercial revival the kail mug geste that the Kuropean war cloud à~ responsible la large measure for this feeling. Owing to the intimate financial relations between all civilized nations, this trouble reacts upon us on this side of the Atlantic. It is France that will M cry havoc and let slip the doge of war” if the cloud bare! over burope. But there are certain consul «~rations which cannot fail to influence French financiers, military authorities, and statesmen. The treaty of commerce between Germany and Russia cold-watering the hopes of the French war party shows French statesmen that the Czar does not intend to act as the catepaw of France to pull the Alsace and Lorraine chestnuts out of the fire ; and without Russian help France will not stir. There are also other reasons which intelligent end sober-minded Frenchmen understand the meaning of, and which incline them to shun as they would the plague. One important fact is, that if Oernumy borrowed all that was required for purposes, it would be several years before its national debt squalled that of France. But if France similarly borrowed, it would, by the same time, owe more than twice is much as England did in 1815, after waging 21 years' war. The French national debt when Napoleon was first dethroned (1814), was about £60,000,000, but under the Third Republic it has increased by leaps and bounds, and it is now £1,288,000,000—~nearly twice as great as that of England. Its annual taxation-excluding local taxation—is now, not count ing resident foreigners, about £~3 9s. 101. or at our Custom-house rate, $17 per head. Taxation in Germany is about £~2 14s. 9d., or $13.52 per head. The debt of Germany, adding the Imperial debt to those of the separate States—after deducting some cash in hand from the French war indemnity— is about £520,000,000. Thus the 50 millions of Germa > y do not owe one-half what the 37 millions of Frenchmen do. Therefore if they borrowed annually the enormous sum of £~250,000,000 to wage s life and-death struggle it would be three before their debt equalled that of But if France borrowed at the same rate her debt by that time would amount to 2,038 millions sterling, almost three times that of England.
1894: France::~opposed to any sort of British enterprise in Great efforts are being made to secure	Electrical Invention.	live one on her eastern,  would fail to
1894: At Rovno the postal force is so inadéquat to the amount of work falling to its lot that the Kieff mail cannot be sorted before Thursday. At 1 o'clock on Friday afternoon a notice is sent to the village some four miles off that a registered letter from Kieff is at the Rovno Post Office. The village authorities do not make haste, and tho person addressed consequently does not get the notice before 5 o’~clock on Saturday afternoon . As on Sundays there is no delivery from the Rovno Poet Office, ho must wait until Monday to get the letter of which he has received notice. That makes one week the time required for the carriage and delivery of a letter between cities 2405miles apart. In the same period the writer could travel easily from Kieff to Toulon, cheer for France several times in front of the Town Hall, and then start for home soon enough to eat several meals before he could possibly get an answer from his correspondent in Rovno. If he wished he could even visit Paris and take a drive through the city and arrive at home several hours in advance of his correspondent’s
1894: France::~throughout the country has caused the 0f their wages contributed largely. In wiuA welcome flung out at the bend In the decrease this year, and the influx to the  ten new cases of adoption of the	road.
1894: Russia:France:~idea of self importance is excited, no matter I world could not contain them if they were how sweet and amiable she may be, the ! made, says the Pall Mall Gazette. In excessive praise will have done its work , for instance, people may not wed and he will gradually begin to regard her as a fourth time nor after they are 80 years not quite so pleasant an associate ae some 1 old, which strikes us as hard lines on the other woman who is less ready to minister i maiden ol bashful 80 whose heart has at to hie vanity. A little judicious compli- last found a resting place. As to divorce, ment may be necessary to keep the in  you may split the knot by call-lordly creature in good humor, as ing your wife “~canaille" before her children, it is a sort ol mental stimulus to or by contradicting her wishes when she his abnormal egotism, but it should wants a theatrical engagement, or by ill-not be overdone or the fellow will begin to | treating your mother-in-law. In Germany think that he owns all woman kind and i and Roumanie insuperable aversion h ought to have a harem. But it is partie- enough, and in Massachusettsior Mississippi ularly with regard to her own sex in this you have only to take to opium or a simi-connection that women should be careful lar drug. Would tobacco do we wonder? It will not serve her purpose to try to | In Portugal it your wife publishes literary
1894: France::~DANIEL MoPHEE, Resident Dentist, Am* L' I'rior.gMd uete of TurontoCollege of Den Is 18ur-ieoni. Twenty yearsex|*rience. Formerlyaesoviated with Dr.PsImerofNew York City, also with Dr. C. A. Mondelft, of Paris, . Nitrous oxide gas, Cocaine and Freezing,tiaa and Electric Vibrator, fur painlcasextractions. t# Full expenses allowed to eoplefroro a distancehavltgdeutaloperatious.
1894: France::~A peculiar result of lightning was noticed near Dijon, in , after a severe thunderstorm. A holt struck a small pond just
1894: France::~r cent, o to 20, in  10, in
1894: France:Germany:~In Russia people may not wed a fourth time, nor after they are 80 years old. In  the wife whose husband objects seriously to her going on the stage makes herself liable to divorce by persisting in her artistic desire. In  and Roumania "insuperable aversion * is enough. In Portugal, if the wife publishes ary works without the husband's con. the law frees him at once.
1894: Spain:France:~the smoke of two great battles information has keen more easily obtained, and a view of the condition and surrounding* of the contending forces can be more eat.iiy taken. It has already been noted that a close analogy is found to exist between the general conditions of the China Japanese war and the Peninsular operations ninety years ago. Corea is separated from China, as is  fiom , by a difficult natural frontier, more easily traveraible at it# flanks. The main route from Pekin to Seoul, like that from Paris to Madrid, passes within a short distance of the sea, and the land contest is being fought out on the territory of
1894: France::~Umbrellas made of varnished paper are coming into favor in .
1895: The tradesman not unnaturally decided to accompany his gold watches to t he college, and that was his undoing, for the Eton boys, seeing upon the head ol saluted it, and unconsciously lent to the tradesman’s mind that corroborative detail which was necessary to give artistic similitude to the prospective purchaser s otherwise bold and unconvincing narrative. Thrown off his guard, the unhappy jeweler arrived at the college, allowed the stranger and the watches to get out of his sight upon plausible pretext The swindle success, and the thief got clear. But in fullness of time a man was arrested, was identified as the th«~ef, was convicted at the Berks assizes and was sent to penal servitude. He protested his innocence and declared that he was in a French jail at the time of the robbery. Bertillonage then came into the English air and the man was met with the retort that if he had been in a French prison his measurements would have been left behind to prove his assertion. The prisoner agreed to that proposition. He was then measured in Reading jail, the measurements attached to the name under whioh he was convicted in France were secured, and a comparison of khe two sets of measurements proved In-
1895: France::~prison in  st the jeweler was being swind-
1895: Applicant—~" Oi hov been in France, signal. When he came to collect the mum..”	tickets he was surprised to find that the
1895: France::~Cardinal Desprez, Archbishop of Ton | position, from which louse, , is dead.
1895: FRANCE::~A REMARKABLE STORY WHICH COMES FROM .
1895: France::~deal to say about the political situation in .
1895: France::~themselves of Rochefort e generosity and from the injections of morphine. Six are now in  ready for any new physicians treated me at different times, deviltry. They took their departure at but appeared only to faintly undertend mv
1895: France::~agents. Many foreigners who have been wae rheumatism, but two of them said it lost eight of were discovered during the was a disease of the spinal cord, that the exodus, and the authorities In  were trouble would get worn and that eoon.r
1895: France:France:~the French chore question should be settled by Great Britain and . There ie a treaty. There are rights which  claims under hat treaty. He thought, he might say without violating any uonfi-dence. because Mue books had been already published, they had assumed a position at the present time when we may fairly say that, with the agreement between the Newfoundland Government and the Home Government, legislation is likely to be passed at the coming session of the New* found Ian I
1895: France::~Legislature which will settle that question agreeably to the Government of Newfoundland and the Government of Great Britain, and upon a bans which will be accepted by . (Hear, hear.)
1895: France::~mg th. interpretation of oertain oUu... ,n w wou|d ^ includ,d with... Canadian the treaty of commerce with . . ,	.
1895: Germany:France:~Owing to existing treaties between Great Britain and Austria, and Great Britain and the German Zollverein, Canada has now to give to Austria and  the same tariff concessions as she has agreed to give to . This is the additional legislation that is necessary before the French treaty can go into force.
1895: England:France:~Haines required little persuasion to try the why the great men of the earth, who recoil aiThe rooTbcer can be obtained In all drug much talked of remedy, and well for her it with dread from the bare prospect of a and grocery stores in 10 and 25 cent bottles to was that she did so. In the course of a War between  and , have make two and live gallons, week ehe felt an improvement. By the their eye# anxiously fixed upon Egypt and time she had taken two and a half boxes (>titral Afrl ehe realized that ehe was experiencing
1895: France::~Approved of in  by |
1895: France:Germany:~siauces. A dose of croton oil was taken by fell during the war between  aud Mr. Tarte, prescribed by Dr. 8u Germain, , and immediately aftewards the patient commenced to suffer the must excruciating agony. The local physicians were puzzled, and Dr. Beausoleil was summoned from Montreal, but he arrived too late to save i he patient.
1895: Wo™ he wase.atisfled“~'thro bVame France, ere turning out leather tire, for unconscious again. The preacher, at the the army cycles in place of India rubber earnest request of the man’s wife, once more ones, which are difficult to repair when began to pray.but Stipple showed no further	break down. Leather tires can be
1895: Russia:France:~The n Ambassador to , Baron von Mohrenheim,invested President Faure on Monday, at the Ely see palace, with the cellar of the Order of St Andrew, on behalf of the Czar.
1895: France::~the regular tram from th* north ran into  Gf Chinese, as at present, but Upehur and all his officers to visit her at From the ooa! mines alone she is laid to certain linen of *¦‘	3#	" not much
1895: France::~A large pilgrimage Saturday for Lourdes. , on the Labrador.
1895: liquids, growled, and splashed Jack with ! further. But in exceptional cases—~with pairs of rubbers coming high over the do ; what	will	France	do ;	what	will	I savage energy. “Well,” said Salomon, who	amal1 holdings in England—the Govern-	ankles, one pair of which he always used
1895: France::~husband and wife,	who had	been separated	" M waa took the earns way. But he 'ad	than is the case in  or the rest of	view# upon the subject of immoral women
1895: England:France:~and the harder the times the less money is circulated. Therefore, what will it profit the uisn out of work in this country if THE MARKETS OF THE WORLD. the United States and  and 	——
1895: France:Russia:~ and  will be under taken in	on Jauioulum Hill in the presence begged to go to the hospital, but the prison
1895: France::~It is reported that five British cruisers the paraders passed the Austrian Embassy manitiest with the United Statos Customs are ascending the River Vang-tse Kiang in there was some hooting by the men in officer. I he fee of 20 cents will have o consequence of information that foreigners line, which was caused by the fact that be paid to the Government whether there are being threatened with violence in the the Embassy, like the Embassies of  is one passenger on the ferry or fafty. This
1895: France::~Bordeaux, in Southern  on the bank* ^ 36 *l* or » 'me d ty we mav read— -
1895: France::~Another ministerial crisis hsa occurred in , and s new cabinet has been formed with M. Bourgeois aa prime
1896: southern bank Tbe marvelous in ^ruit2,»~?f hlB victory* After a war la^C i what was necessary. France doses not quarters where it is possible for combs
1896: France::~j Admiral McClintock, who between 1848 I The Ministerial crisis in  Jim 1 and 18.V7, was connected with four Arct- assumed grave proportions, l bs Min-
1896: A despatch from London says:—~The departure of the Queen on Monday for the south of France has drawn forth a
1896: France::~Lor mine were lopped off	from ,^	the Hudson	Bay and	Pacific Railway	agencies as to the condition of business	lung red boots. Now 1 recognize tbs	| building1, remodelling It. The falling
1896: France::~China. It  had the moral sup-	in rî^l <Wvi™ °°nflrmed-	the Terrible. HU handsome and man- denly redouble their effort*. Soon at-
1896: France::~doubted ly be silenced, if  would that Pons had acted in self-defence, and , fined, is in a most unhealthy condition. wholly in white, even the jewels. Logs of the impending ruin. He look-œ*cut to the neutralization of Tang- the prisoner was set at liberty.	, Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of pearls, and diamonds seeming to mar *d up and saw the rafters and joist
1896: France::~French imagination, it would lie per-reived that, outside of Europe,  has outlets for her ambition in which
1896: France::~700,000 arxesp; in , 22.000,000acres;	,lea would	avoid much misery and save	j
1896: France::~satisfy themselves that their require- in  it is always the Englishman ! and needful things may be added." I LIFE OF A LOCOMOTIVE.	than before.
1896: France::~Dr. Nansen has sold the English ment between Great Britain. .and rights of hU work on “~Experience in Russia.
1897: France::~is fact ion at the arrangements made	tiou of $300 for "Harris,"	of Mrs.	geste d that Great Britain. 	ami	^ ,n 8 round luindle of wood. The
1897: France::~Madame Carnot. mother of the late President Carnot of  is dead.
1897: Italy:France:~principal Canadian cittee during the dia-  and  are taking sanitary A despatch from loronto says, me mond jubilee celebrations.	precautions to prevent the introduction	treacherous. slippery condition of some
1897: children.	$50,000,000. •~	boats were all gone, Captain France,
1897: France::~Robertaon will riait the north of 	. — — —-
1897: France::~Peter McNally, a Boston man, performed the feat of swimming the Eng lish Channel from Dover to a point three miles from Griz Nez. .
1897: France::~Hia panegyric of  was not leas elo-	ltJfrom ‘h,e mfenor P°"“on ,n »hloh '
1897: Canada:France:~fried and Leroy Beaulieu, some painful ,nTbe folb,win8 conditions must be fui-knocks, hinting that religious ceremonies b. e(J ,n on?er entitle the municipals were nut interfered with in  to tle? *o receive the Government grant the same extent as in , nor were LriThe mach]ne mu8t be approved by electoral ballots tampered with nor th® Government.
1897: France::~The bayonet was first mads in Bayonne, in , hence its name, and
1897: France::~resignation of Mr. Gillies, if he did not formation of an alliance between  lnany\ only VC. p©~F d0Z. sheitlS. accede to the wishes of the parties who | and Russia.	J
1897: France::~Then, by another circular, like privileges were extended to the products of . Now some score of nations
1897: France::~It is estimated that as many as 00,000 farmers and others In  make their living by the manufacture of Roquefort Ch Botanists have found no fewer than
1897: France::~Bontoise. , for the coachman,
1897: France::~that his record ideludes a sentence to months' imprisonment for adultery, which makes him not only ineligible, but deprives him of the right to vote, In commenting on this l>e l ig-aro asserts that such a law in  would.be equivalent to suppressing universal suffrage.
1898: France::~over 8,000,000 bushels of contract grade L Univers, the leading Catholic paper Give US a Call wheat were delivered by Mr. Armour, the j , confirms the report that the celebrated grain and meat dealer, to Mr. 1 h«ad \he Can.Adian government has
1898: France::~Fully one-third of the female popu 1st ion of  i&tours on farms.
1898: France::~F/igland and  in those regions j ,s<v,il i>*d
1898: France::~ne an to the tape, xxh le  wants
1898: France::~tittle doubt that the British authorities Intend to leave nothing to chan m and so far as possible, to make their claims good by actual occupation I he Teal question is. however not whether a final movement is to !>e made against the Dervishes, but whether  will insist upon ownership and control of the region between the French Congo and the Nile traversed by her agent, and that, wifi I# settled, not by advance on Khartoum but by negotiations between London and Paris.
1898: ment 1 wuu d	be a pris «~lier in the	ctb	agreement with	France ho could not giv.
1898: France:Germany:~I brought to a sudden close, for war should  join , for in | beating it well on Itoth sides and re-1 In none of the battles mentioned
1898: France:Germany:~What frightful scenes would result from a general war such as that suggested. should  Join forces with 's millions and swell her fighting strength by putting over 2,000,000
1898: France::~\ml	other actors therein.	Nan. loo, is well	c ube,#. (Deal Britain has 18 	n,lve hm>,llv H ^‘r,°us menace t.*the
1898: France::~tempers Nor. in all ways, ever did the gent leman when she sees one.	I Logs.	then sat on the throne of . Sen-	blacksmith living at Baker Settlement
1898: FRANCE:RUSSIA:~OERMANY,  AND  PAYING
1898: France::~which were regarded as an addition to her charms. She had them cut, off four times, but they grew again growth was presented to King Henry IV., oC .
1898: France::~aly 44,000,000, and  only 40,000,- mu(.|) f,ner workmanship, has 10 heads
1898: England:France:~au attack of Malarial fever. Jn answer to a despatch to Mr. Stanley, asking him to decide this question, upon which war or peace between  and  may hinge, Mrs Dorothy Stanley, writing in behalf of the sick explorer, says:
1898: France::~velvet sleeve is small and laid in tucks ards and other reptiles live in places toward the top, and on one shoulder devoid of water. A hat of Western are a few sprays of velvet purple and j American inhabits waterless plains. In white orchids, and on the other Is a parts of Lozere, , there are bunch of voilets. The gown has a herds of cows and goats which hardly long train and an indescribable air of ever drink, and yet produce the milk regal elegance.	j for Roquefort cheese.
1898: France:France:~Already tourists are beginning to travel to Khartoum which has been well termed a half-way house between Cairo and Uganda, and soon explorers, engineers and military commandant s will lie pushing the whole of the way to equatorial Africa. The current of civilization pressing thither cannot anywhere be stayed along its course. What the English long for, the French fear.  may not, it is true, really count very much on the possible performances of Commandant Marchand, now at Fa shod a, with a strong force of Senegalese, who per-resent a movement dramatic perhaps, rather tlnn decisive. But the French have colonial aspirations, though they arc not successful colonizers, and will retreat from their scheme of establishing an equatorial sphere of influence across the continent of Africa, only with chagrin aand intense disappointment. Already some of the lenders of public opinion in  are resigning themselves to the inevitable, and prophesying the ultimate success of the English as pioneers in the march of civilization. “We are about to witness (he foundation,” admits “~ The Soleil, "of the empire of African-India ; England mistress of the Nile, of her source and resources, and of the immense and fruitful countries traversed by that river.” So many daring dreams of sanguine men have already come true in history, that it is not impossible that the Twentieth Century will see the construction of a line of railway from Alexandria to Cape Town, over which solid vestibule trains will run, with stops at Khartoum, Fash-oda, Uganda, and other way stations. Civilization cannot lie held back.
1898: France:England:~According to the comments and opinions of the French and English press during the past two weeks, it would seem ss though a war between  and  over the disputed Fashoda territory is inevitable. However, peace in-
1898: France::~or  as yet ; but the French ¦	g.	— a i a
1898: France::~manda upon  until there are re g	9 t? 8	9
1898: England:France:~Under the present state of atf-tirs in the French Administration, it is gener ally believed in military circles that a war with  would be a dire dis aster to . Ar a'l events the up sh >t of the Ftishorla dispute will, in all hk'.ihood, be apparent in a few days.
1898: Germany:Russia:~When the question it thus enlarged, France will not be alone in its discussion with the Marquis of Salisbury, Egypt interests all the powers. Russia has promised M. Delcasre its most effective assistance, and besides  has the biggest interest, in view of her east African possessions and trade n the far east, that the Suez canal should not become exilu-eively British and is disposed to support Fra neo-n arguments for a définit-settlement of the Egyptian que*
1899: FRANCE::~DEPOPULATION OF .
1899: France:France:~The returns of the census for France which was taken on March 29, 1897, havt now been published and compared with the statistics of the previous census, which was taken six years before, on April 12, 1891 the number of people in France was 38,228,969, and at the 1891 census it was 38,095,160, so that in the six years the population of  had only increased by 138.819 persons trifling increase is more apparent than real, for it haa taken place entirely in the large towns, and is due to the influx of foreigners such as Belgians and Italians, who are to be found in increasing numbers among the urban populations of .
1899: island may rise to the dignity of a I the stomach, purifies the blood and Persillt^» 1 don’~t see what he d< bone of contention between France and ! puts tho whole digeilivw apparatus in ' w^tin n08e etches.
1899: Holland:England:~system has been tried in France, and among some of the changes recommended : found to work excellently. In France, Lynx and sheldrake are struck from the however, it applies to all causes, but here Pn>tccled Iist- An attempt was made to it will apply only to cases under $25 In 8trdcti bears and raccoons, but the France this conciliation keeps down the majority was against it. The time during | IlOUSeS cases by one-third If it has the same w.h,ch 18 forbidden to kid any beaver success here it will have the effect of sav w*d Le extended two years, to 1902. The ing at least $100,000. It's worth trying. f*03e 8ea8nn for partridge will be from The sum saved would be as much as spent December 15th to September 1st. It will now in colonization. The same system a*eo Le allowed to hunt deer with dogs exists in , and one of the same | ^rom October 20th to November 1st. nature in Belgium. In  in the
1899: Ihllî yKt t0 r‘e f'T Lhjl m*jy j t It apjieara that the news of the lease by he was chased by a largo pack of wolves fb, V " Ca" 1d.a h*df Prod,‘c«d h»~d the Sultan of Oman of a coaling station He says he managed to get up a white failed in mission, like that on which the) to France on the coast of Oman leaked !nrc1} treo', whl°h was soon surrounded
1899: V dfl!° Lo.rd Salisbury at the time of the I The Arnprior Chronicle says : —Owing St. John’~s, N. B., on Friday. They all conflict with France, that if the govern I to the death of a relative in Hawaii in died within thfree days
1899: France::~panionship	of	those	who	have	already	lily, Ireland the shamrock, and 	' h- m	into the fire, and	they ate mrn-
1899: France::~Two tablespoonfuls of washing soda statistics as to the ages of brides in gel8 In a gallon of boiling water make a . Only 13 out of 100 young mur(iers that occurred, which brought splendid disinfectant to pour	hot	into	women marry between the ages	of	I duwn	^ average Longevity of human
1899: France::~In  the man must be eighteen i(
1899: France::~Of canal-tunnels proper, the longest is the Riqueval tunnel, on the St. Quentin canal in . It is 21 feet
1899: indemnity, çi.wu.	Rimoaski	ap- Vienna, Sept. 1. —The Hungarian mic- „~n the energies of the plants should be France. They are to be forwarded to
1899: France::~The author! lion of Lille, , have
1899: France::~Queen	of	,	and ends	prior	^	I	^7 of "the * world, its	mines provided	I details of these totemic systems, tor
1899: France::~The matter is one that concerns more than one of the great powers  and Austria have large numi
1900: France::~about the - docks ; but as there were j kept steadily before me as a beacon. Chinese youth, whose e.i.steace had up two. This wou-d g-Ve an annual raving	chief magistrate of , gave
1900: and trimming yards. But, to every- Btarted from London to govern India derives only $lu0,00i) a year from the It is not generally known that in from roc|| to rock and swimming, a body's speechless amazement, it was	¦ 11 hiu fa mil v in the draw- monopoly, wh.i •~ th^ co..ce>sionn irius* France it is forbidden under severe numb r won t ha Other sl-ie. Yet mo. t
1900: France::~A large quanliiy or ammunition has in y ter ou ly disappeared ft om the J< r ey Ordnance Department. Some persons incline to connect ibis loss with the sailing of a reputed American "hip, which put in to refit, and then sailed tu  to load "potatoes" for South Africa.
1900: France::~the commencement of as pretty a	ctdanp.f FOUNTAIN	bring under the aegis of , and „	"	,	.	/'	,	At the out met of his journey Sir	biseais.
1900: to wnd her hi» curd accumimnied by strange to see t.at .ro i»~ and large In France, continued to poae a, titular madfto eull	ot these to South HOW A BOER SIGNS HIS NAME. *» the colony.
1900: In a studiously careless position against p0tztausend—~In de bersbiration. ward woui4 bring France within tion with the emancipation of the	HIS ACTIONS EXPLAINED. ,on, through the accidental opening of
1900: U vhs the eve of All Saints, and the famous autumn horse-fair was in progress at Fecamp— Fecmnp, on the Normandy r<*vst, the town Ivtween the cliffs, which Basrone, in the year ‘93. snatched for the Great King by a feat of audacity unparalleled in war. This only by the way, however, and that «~ worthy deed may not die For at the date of this fair of which we write, the Inet day of October, 1637, stout Captain Boisrose, whom Sully made for his dn ring lieutenant -general of the ordnance had long ceased to ruffle it; the Great King had lain in his grave a score of years or more ; and though Sully, duke and peer and mar-sh.il, still lived, an aged, formal man, In his chateau of Villebon by Chartres, all France, crouching under the Iron hand of the cardinal, looked oth-&r ways.
1900: France:Germany:~youth for he opportunuies that tar- Hent the appearance of having been	d^sires. When	she gels hick to her	growing irritation, and at last jumped , , Belgium and Am-
1900: France::~in  that Eng-the enemies of their Ru-s-We wvuld not deny that
1900: would have succeeded iu effecting a bMom The length, which, oorrect-co«~ soli dation with France, under i o ^ ^ three or four inches from the Bourbons of Spain, Naples, the Dm by ^ ^ according to the use (or which
1900: France::~of the strawberries and sugar them London, he turned to Captain Foley, | , Algeria an unis promet
1900: France::~|*ew World and in India  had Englishmen to thank.
1900: France:England:~George IV. In the early Thiers, then Premier, saw port unity of gaining for  the long-coveted ascendancy in the Orient, by encouraging I bra ham Pashas attempt to dethrone the Ottomin Sultan and to substitute Meheinet All as Commander of the Faithful. Already had Ibrahim conquered Syria and a of Anatolia, when  in-
1900: United States:France:~spirituous liquors mtatemeut is, indeed, partially true. The annual consumption per capita in Great Britain is about thirty-one gallons, in Germany twenty-seven gallons, in the  thirteen gallons, and in  five and one-half gallons. But the French people consume more spirits per inhabitant than any of the other countries. The
1900: France::~figures are quarters, and  more than two gallons for each person.
1900: England:France:~Devonshire, , engaged in the manufacture of salves and pills. In the south of , iu the Abbey St Michael de Frigulet, are altar wines and fancy giant candles.
1900: France::~Joy of existence which comes from see- encouragement, as a knowledge of ite triots of Austria-Hungary and .	•	9	•• Winnipeg, Use
1900: France::~the proportion of a square meal ia .
1900: England:France:~tive effort to solve the problem by a return to the early French custom of a midday dinner. There is little probability that the experiment will meet with general favor, but in several of the best known houses of the Faubourg St. Germain last winter, dinner was relegated to 1 o'clock, af* ternoon tea was made even more elaborate than usual and an exceedingly substantial supper was served late iq the evening. The arrangement made possibly a leisurely dinner and an early appearance at evening funow tions; but a midday dinner ia a lamentable institution and, if  has saddled it upon , there is a casus belli worth considering.
1900: war was to constrain foreign legation»~ in Pekin, and, to tb it end, the cooperation of France, Russia end the United Status was invited. As	£aroa
1900: France::~Und and  were
1900: France::~Paris () Exposition, I satisfactory manner.
1900: France::~The most expensive legislature in the world is that of , which costs annually £720,000. The Italian Parliament costs £81,000 a year.
1900: France:England:~of better breeding than this quea- In Switzerland bread seems to play tion of feeding, which *o materially a more prominent part as food thin affects the profits. In the lot of hogs m any other country except , purchased there were some well-built It furnishes 70 per cent, of the nour-pigs that would stand heavy feeding ishment of the 3,000,000 inhabitants in and make good returns for the feed the Swiss Republic. In  bread consumed, but there were two un- forms less than 50 per cent, of the
1900: France::~no statistics regarding their number York, Philadelphia and Chicago than elephant beetle of Venezuela, which are available. Of these plural voters im the whole of .	sometimes weighs half a pound
1900: France:Italy:~ and  have been repre-
1900: Canada:France:~! LOaN AND Va VINOS w!1 r Ccil'ii llv l'.?* I'V (,,rrnt' -,liu!L dr> Messrs. Hiram Hodgini and Hiram	senior class.	him that he must vote against the party, oountry of , namely .
1900: La Liberté~, of Pans France, under 1 date 12th Oct., 1900, says : —
1900: Germany:France:~the teaching of languages is begun  and . The C '!)8 field I * " ^	dltn°uU to «et
1900: France::~under the Dominion cf .	.« ________	I (’uthlwrtsoh, James Graham V, John G.
1900: France::~the reports are that he has made a 11 e- compftrgtWoly recently foot stoves wero mendous sensation In , hugiami carrjtMj tu church, as were tallow caudles uml of course in his native laud. 1 he I
1901: England:France:~The game of billiards first came into fashion in  and  in the sixteenth century.
1901: France:Spain:~every 1,000 Englishmen who wish to enlist are accepted. In  average is GJ2 of conscripts; in 
1901: France::~wuuld have to leave , and she only object of working is to distrib- II."' f.me ; lf they adhere to should be (he one who would leave.! ut5 the halt and compact the butter. r V.bf'nr ' * Tv !l WuUuu,h‘
1901: France::~ant of public instruction for the province. Chartres, department of Eure-ef-Loire, it shows that the number of public , April 23.—Suspicion in the bru-1 schools was 804 in 1842 and 5,008 in 1900 t&I murder of five children which occur-1 UlCOOtiU the increase being six-fold. The growth red yesterday falls upon the father of the in attendance has been also rematkable, murdered children. It is suggested that j being from 4,935 in 1842 to 273,357 in the father murdered his children in a fit i 1900. The figures of attendance are of drunken madness. The knife with | perhaps the most instructive as regards which the slight wounds in the father the educational status of the people, were made, belongs to the house, and a |
1901: St. Lino, Que., April 22 —~ Devlop- France, April 22.—This town naa been folk coast and flooded some fifty acres of ments in the mysterious disappeaiance bonified by the brutal murder cf five the low lying land. At first sight this of Rev. Father Joly from List le Back- children and the attempted murder of looked like a disaster to the farmer who woods parish, at St. Emilie, lend to show their father. A fanner named Briere, rented it But through the breach in that the priest had made preparations for residing in the neighorhood of Chartres, the embankment a big “school of mack leaving the place in that he drew $2,000 Two tramps entered the farmhouse in the erel were swept by the incoming sea. from Montreal banks and collected absence of Briere, yesterday evening, When in the course of a few days, the small sums due him in the villsge. Three killed four girls, aged respectively 14, 11, water was drained off, the whole meadow days before disappeared he made hie will 5 and 4, and a boy 7 years old, with which had lam under some 4 feet of wa and placed it in the keeping of a friend knives and culgdle, while they were j ter, was carpeted a foot deep with fish IS here. It was 10 o’clock at night in No- in bed and apparently asleep. Bnere was a wonderful eight. All the carts vember when some visitor bade him good j returned while the murderers were rob- round the country side were command night. Since that time he has not been bing the house. They heard him enter eered to the service, aud in 3o hours the 6	the courtyard, attacked him, and after mackerel were cleared oft, fetching over
1901: FRANCE::~ROBBERS COMMIT FRIGHTFUL DEED IN LONE LY FARM HOUSE IN .
1901: France::~topics for meditation, It was not won- Martin. In turning over some deeds and ! (ho human organism is so imore^a- yards privuto firms in  and tie how every time a coin jingled in the ,rt . bc lacki,,K the mother
1901: France::~can a nation increase and multiply htt(jv WQS very anxious that this with a rising generation such as heirloom should bo included in her this? We hear a great deal in portrait  of what is done for the im- L,lie<| with hcr request, provenant of lmrse-brecding; if you shortly after tho painting had been ask my advice, it is time—aye, and |completed a daring burglary was high time!—~that we set about find- ! perpetrated, with thc result that tho ing some means of improving the hu- ja(jy man race, or at any rate that por- 1 tion of it represented by young France!"
1901: France::~protecting it than she now has. Nor is this the only indication that projects of dismemberment have been by means abandoned According to a telegram printed in a London newspaper,  is preparing to annex at an early date the island of Hainan, which is of great strategetic ns well as commercial value two Powers,
1901: France::~The ring is a relic of a tragedy more than a century old nearly two hundred years ago in Genoa, this quaint bit of jewellery came into possession of nn ancestor of its present owner, who lived in  at the time of the Revolution. Detesting the wild work of tho mob,
1901: Ottawa, Aug. 28.—~The Public Works Department have ordered twenty thousand Chinese lanterns from Pans, France, for use in various parts of Canada at the time of the Royal visit next month. These lanterns were ordered some time ago, and are expected shortly.
1901: generally commended as not only	- thrive. They vary in different foods. t h<	i,r.nl,,J °.f trc®~8 to decay, or | yn France a woman may appear in '	'	would the teictrr,.nh
1901: France::~Imported direct fVom  and guaranteed to contain 60 p. c. of pure olive oil.
1901: France::~These Ight Inga lee fashionable bird in  and Austria the owners, mostly rich ladies, pay fabulous prices for the favorite food of their pets.
1901: rtiu’iiî~g *since plaats are capable of France, two^alfons'of bee^'inShiL- vu red this^ way Thanwhcn^brino Is ; i. ng a laige proportion of thc eia, half a gallon of wine In Italy, used.
1901: France::~soothing, refreshing and healing ! many has seven H| ointment, which is inserted up the  five times as many, and Kng-nostrils, when it is quickly breathed I lanh four times as many.
1901: England:France:~Good Reason For Not Joining  to  «,* Scotland to Ireland.
1901: France::~When the lute President Faure, of , died many rumors were abroad ns to tho exact cause of his death. It is now alleged that ho fell a martyr to excessive smoking. It scorns that ho was In the habit of j entirely cooled off smoking fifteen cigars q day, and he toward good smoking and was deaf to every remonstrance on ftblo life in a pipe. A good way to the part of his friends. Furthermore tell if you are smoking too fast is ho affected a certain special foreign to hold the bowl of the pipe in your brand of weed, and had accumulated hand. If it is too hot to be held such a largo hecatomb of victims with comfort, then you know that when he died that it was calculated y0ur smoking speed is too great there was enough to last him for Good tobacco, n good pipe and de-four years. M. Loubet hits no inton- libera tones# are the prime essentials tion of ending his existence in this in pipe smoking. Eat slowly, smoko way, so lie has already got rid of the slowly, drink never ; so shall you deceivers.	live long in the land and enjoy the
1901: France:usa:~is carefully tended untl, the party is ' c]ay pipC entered tho crowded inn of iarg,, cxt<nt in ; the centre of is carefully tended until the party is ft gaarket town, walked up to the thjs industry is Lyons, but in many about to be married, when it is cut ^ar, elbowed several customers ft- 0f the departments the chestnut nf-down and made into an article of 6ide> took a match from the match- fords work for thonds of people furniture for the new homo. The gtaud on the counter, and then walk- q he chestnuts grown are of various custom might well be introduced into cd out without saying a word.	kinds and sizes. The two distinctive
1901: France::~lit his pipe and then made his way 1 some parts of , chestnuts form out again.	I a very important article of food ;
1902: France::~In recent experiments at Antwerp a swallow, which had its nest in the gable of the railway station in that city, was sent to Compiegno, , a distance of 140* miles, and liberated. The flight home was accomplished by the swallow in one hour and eight minutes, a speed of 128* miles per hour.
1902: France:France:~Dentistry is now an accepted and often flourishing profession of women In . I11 a country town of Scinc-ct-Marno a qualified youn^ lady dentist enjoys the monopoly of tooth-drawing, ft dentist's business provincial  consisting oi
1902: France::~ing orders from . No man thus takes nilvantnge of the bar- cd chnn in thc coal trade have the famous state carriage, although, ai before submitting it to the teach- with supc	wns ascertained
1902: France::~The election of ft now Deputies, for which active preparations now making in  will I # take place under conditions very dif- 1 feront from those under which the • last general appeal to tho ballot- *
1902: Russia:France:~it must seem reasonable enough to seek from her ally thc pecuniary aid which  receives from . That is why it seems likely that the telegram from Tokio concerning the which Count Matauknta has
1902: France::~offered for ,
1902: Russia::~The fact just mentioned Indicates the sources of the pressure to which  has submitted. The British-Japnnesc Treaty was a warning that the Mikado would not be left to cOY»~e unaided with the Czar and his French ally. Even after that was made known, however, the respon-sixe joint note issued by France and Russia signified that the two last-named powers had by no means made up their minds that they Would not try conclusions with the British-Japanese combination
1902: France::~seem  Bin tic defeat
1902: France::~Winter weather ia reported in  and in the Pyrenees Department fifteen inches of anuw lies on the ground.
1902: Germany:France:~ence should go hand in hand with colonization in tho development of new countries, and often it should be the pioneer. Sir Harry Johnston avers that the , British Government might have saved as much as $2,600,000 in the construction of Uganda railway if it had previously expended $100,000 fn enabling men of science to investigate tho ology, climatology, botany and other scientific aspects of the region.  and  have shown an appreciation of the great utility of such Investigations in the settlement and exploitation of their colonial possessions. Every day the practical value of branches of science commonly regarded as almost purely intellectual in their claims to attention is being demonstrated.
1902: in either number 2 or 6 directly	thel twelve silver balls. From tho jew-! A lhc	agent	of the Baron do Hirsch	King	Edward’~s consent or the mar-	that sho had	secretly married him	from Bethuno, in France, where, on
1902: France::~it was in tho power of the young A New South Wales correspondent husband to repudiate his wife so says that a shepherd of Hargreaves, long as he remained beyond the near Mudgec, hnm tried dentistry for reach of English law ; in a word, sheep with great success. He had the marriage was not legal and a valuable ram which found great binding in .	difficulty in masticating its food
1902: France::~chnnicol aid	to	perfect	concentration	sped of losing one who had proved	| the.first citizen of , continues	body is by this time familiar with	A11 thc new trains	on the Central
1902: France::~this, as ho should have done, he could have made a sortie any time between August 25th and September 2nd with 100,000 picked men, and joined the raw French levies at Spinal. Metz would have had food to hold out almost indefinitely, and the provincial troops, well backed, would not have yielded so easily as they did. Thc whole fate of  might have been changed, and the pation spared the loss of two provinces, and thc payment of
1902: Germany:Russia:~And the park is little changed since those brilliant days. Rosamond's Pond has boon filled in; tho menagerie and the cages in Birdcage walk have disappeared; Duck Island, over which St. Evremond wa.< . unpointed guardian by Charles II., has been obliterated; the statue of tho gladiator which stood by the parade France has one soldier to every 59 I at the cast end of the canal, has inhabitants;  one to 89; been removed to Windsor Castle; the  one to 184; while Britain’s | canal has been turned into an ornamental water, according to more
1902: France::~shining example of  so neai n* i pre^,/	u H> own, of a drill is another question. The in the exact amount she can best colors and look very ordinary,
1902: France::~made things politically better in ;	..	.	,	.	.
1902: France::~A large force of military have left Brest, , to aid in the eviction of the nuns from the schools at Folgnet, Plondenial, and St. Meen. The Carthusian monks have decided to emigrate to Austria in October, A syndicate has bought their interest in the manufacture of Chartreuse for 8,000,000 franc*.
1902: France::~To  probably belongs credit of using the camera for| ¦
1902: France::~gives him some concern. If some enter . The moment you set th,e #lffn Irom me" Jb‘rc the officer 11,1 d ti,)OUt the udder, which carry	uhuhIIv rather too much so to | German fleet in C hinese waters soins
1902: France::~mg characteristic,.	I 0ne->hird a. large a, that of . The 1 lhe ,,lu»‘!0D “ desperate.
1903: France::~New System Soon to Be in Operation in .
1903: France::~A new system of railway communication will be Inaugurated in  in June. It consists of the substitution of automobiles for the existing locomotives nnd cars. Each nutomo-
1903: Tho proposed Kxü~nburgh-Queens-ferry electric tramway is to bo a I 18TU, U years after its appearance in single line.	France, and has destroyed 750,000
1903: Germany:Spain:~Thibet, although its area exceeds that of France, , and  combined. has only ($.000,000 in-
1903: France::~ami , in
1903: France::~The mop, which, but for political reasons, would have been presented some little time ago, was probably suggested by the jewelled map of  that the Czar presented the French nation in 1900, after its exhibition at the Exposition of that year was added to tho treasures of the Louvre yard square in size, this record took three years to make, and cost, so it Is said, $800,000.
1903: France::~Word has teen received in Hamilton from  of the death of Father
1903: vggs ¦¦¦¦¦~ from France and Denmark, chickens from Scandinavia ami Russia,
1903: POPULATION’~S INCREASE. In the last thirty years the population of Germany has Increased 40 per ' cent.; Great Britain has in-Thc population of Sweden is R,- I ereased 30 per cent.; that of France,
1903: usa:France:~Q It is a peculiar point that fine weather is responsible for thonds of deaths each year. An area of high barometer is dreaded by colliery owners, for tho danger of explosions of firedamp is greatly increased Tfbcn atmospheric pressure is great-The shocking accident at St. Etienne, in , when 184 lives were lost, was due to a sudden increase in pressure, and every year in the course of a twelvemonth. | there are similar losses of life. Warmer countries, of course, suffer to a greater extent.
1903: "Then it'# of no use our turning] Ho—“The Patter of the Shingle.’’ out, I suppose?" said Frank, with a o' the fire brigade, includin' the | To give some idea of the rt‘Jb at smile, as he wiped hi# pen; "what ¦~ which the depopulation of France is set it alight, lad?"	I proceeding, the population of Nor-
1903: Chicago, Aug. 2d. —Hoi. John F. Fin-nerty, president of tho Uni e 1 lush 1 a<ue of America, lit* issue I an address regarding “the la id 1 i 1 victory * in which he says tin the passage of the bill has achieve 1 a bril iant and aubitant si v.ctory. Ho pndets the net -ration of the iiidepeude it Id b parlian.o if, de-sir yod in 1800 He say a ho is a eej a at-iet but that an independent pir.iamvnt is an honorable compre nd»e but not a “final seulement,'’ and calls attention to ihe fact that total •~spatar.ion would call fur an Id h fleet, an Lish army, an Irish tieai-ury, overflowing with golden millions and at least one powerful ally like France, Germany cr America. “I will leave to the judgement of my fellow countrymen and fellow citizens how soon ill the requirements are either probable or possible to Ireland.” he say#
1903: France::~swallow, which had its nest in that city, was sent to Compiegne, , a distance of 1401 miles, and liberated. The flight home was accomplished In lhr. 8min., a speed of about 128$ miles per hour.
1903: France::~I Jj4' of  feed buckwheat exclusively trunk, there ere no small pieces dif-^ 1 and I am informed, receive an ad- flcult to hold when Hawing, nor tim-vanre above tin* regular market price her to handle until it Ik sawed, exit f fowls fattened on other foods. One 'cept a few branches underneath the of the most prosperous poultry men 1 tree, know grows about five acres of this grain each season J he doesn’t harvest but allows fowls to run in as soon ns tho berry becomes hard enough for food and these two acres constitute their run
1903: GERMANY:FRANCE:~ WISHES TO PREVENT ALL < lfAN('E < F  HAVING A GLORIOUS
1904: France::~14,567 butchers, 6,492 provision and  have cut down whole province, and soiduring ie n- Bobby had returned from his first.
1904: —~two-thirds of an ounce per day. land. The glass-workers went to erous articles on Canada. He was The pupils of the Newton Gram-With the exception of tho condensed France simply because there are no born jn London, Eng., 1856.	- mar School, in Chicago, were terror-
1904: France:Canada:~Tho number of eggs eaten is not ascertainable, supplied with 80 eggs by Russia, Germany, Belgium, , Denmark and . But what numbers come in f:onx our own farms Is unknown more, tien the 1< tal consumption of eggs is 1,000,000,000. Placed end to end*they would circle the globe neatly three times.
1904: Port Arthur mid a great K •~	Japanese sailor with a coolie s bar now suspended. The blue first-class ^NTI ALCOHOLISM IE FRANCE, until midnight he invariably leaves the British, Japanese cud Italian
1904: France::~In , when a convict is sen-
1904: Japan:France:~. Every transport ship is A smoking match recently amused wanted for the troops. There is the public at Lille, . Fifty scarcely anything to be had from of the hardest smokers of the dis-tliis country itself. The people are trict sat down together to consume so poor that they have not got it two ounces of the strongest tobacco to sell to us."	in the shortest possible time. They
1904: France::~A travelling savings-bank, lately established in the North of , is an electric motor carriage, carrying a small safe, a desk (made of folding shelves) for depositors, and seats for the driver, two clerks, and a cashier.
1904: France::~end go up to the station. Not five	whimpered, forcing a smile.	h	m,lk	nour 6h,ng; Put new	I gar and	add to the curd, together	unpleasant e.terience	of	the "hire. ! "anque de	.	He	had a	share
1905: worthy of Inclusion ft mon g the fan- any clv|ll/o<l country are in the en-tastic stories of V'tlgnr Allan foe, lightened State of Massachusetts, happened to n travelling photo- two home from Hunt on by rail and grapher, named Abraham Frank, one hour by horse, A newspaper rouged thirty-six, in the suburban pré~sentailvo struck those roads in town of Montreuil, France.	I the rainy season while travelling in
1905: ENGLAND:FRANCE:~M MERRY OLD  LOVE BY LAW IN 
1905: he .public. Mean ,hdo the authorities j T" ° del «lives were instructed to family, in the person of the \r,h 1101 HSUIII.D AM) I HR SOCIAL- «‘‘~Il he worth $1,000,000.000, Hie donee in France and a close observa-
1905: France::~According to your estimate, gen- -g average of .018 in. per tlu.v hand is invariably made to am our tlemon. my fortune, divided e.piall.v, Hurliig the tnunty-lirst und twenty- ridiculously, and 'in the so i d,,. | represents three cents to each man. fourth yvnrs u man's hair grows plays now'so popular ...  marI have much pleasure in giving y„„ <|u.ek, r than at any other period, riago is Ulstinctlv depict,si as a fail-your share now."	It takes a it ny clash twenty weeks to
1905: upon the writing-table and blew out are suspected. Where and how could , It was a single bed and narrow, the light. with a quick movement he you earn a living? Do abroad—~ to standing out from the wall; and half laid a paper over the revolver upon France, to Italy—anyw !, re you like, hidden in the soft, pink curtains.
1905: France::~A largo number of female footpads, whose thefts are accompanied by violent assaults, havv^appeured recently in the police courts of Paris, . These women do not confine thifir attention» to their own Men also have boon attacked
1905: cultivating and	If 1his '* correct, it may explain	<>f men at the President s disposal.	v(, for lagging in the streets of	h,av> *mr tho »~'ght guns too nuravr-	wjth 1>(M8 millions. France sends
1905: France::~>f things, Nicholas Salt-Mir.tk at Varengevillu, will I. a i them , a banquet was givon in ihe
1905: France::~hi  the sorti
1905: France::~Life on Convict Ships ot  I You Grow Old by Fermentation at the Beginning of the La.*it Century.
1905: ' ‘~Sometime one does," ho admit*- lore as llugiuviota exeupi n g from j ed; "but sometimes ho gets fooled France, and this repo t was s[miaiy ;
1906: France::~land loth relatively poor countries, hav. -uW answer, which came near wnng-n h'gh birth rale, but Bavaria an' ng frmn the voting man a repetition of  which are relatively more pro* he offensive word.
1906: France::~e part of , Deny, and about Three-mi	are north of
1906: France::~Howard, who has lately retired from the livery business, went to Ottawa last week and returned on Monday with a handsome coach stallion. This animal (Imported and registered) Is a scion of one of the most distinguished families of coach horses in , having been sired by the famous Government stallion Aquilln (1837). A complete description and pedigree of this horse will be issued
1906: paving more attention to the develop- Mrs. A 8. Smart visited friends st it equalled one-eighth of the nation s total plants produced strawberries containing t of perfect limb* and feet, than they 8 arks Corners a few days this week. expenditure on food. The increased a quantity < f cream, is the announce»*! »~ WKim I ring hulk of body. In France Miee Neseie Wharrey was the guest of consumption wee io beer and wine, that msds with becoming grant y by » he New be found there was disposition to raise e Miss Vivien 8m ley Friday evening. of whi'ksy falling of.	York Tribnme.
1906: their ranoes and peddled »~o II* n Id Ile Spain, France, Italy end Hungary. lhe ingredients and makes up the pill se* sickness, etc. It promp y W ^ CAUSE, not merely the H ABIT,
1906: direct cause of many eudden deaths. Experience had eh >«u that the use cf preparation* containing such drugs as Piopiutn, in i’s various forms, ludmi lu-mp, alcohol, chloroform and ether was apt to provoke a craving f< r theie dangerous drug»~. lu France, England and the l ulled States there laws in force to protect the pe >ple against harmful compounds. For instance, there were catarrh preparations on sVe in Canada coutuinii g cocaine whose sa'e in the United States would bo forbidden. There was also great abuse of remedies c »ntaiuicg alcohol. A few years ag > the doctors had great trouble in getting their fcl to take medic Qtl. difficulty was rather to keep the p .tient* frun them.
1906: France::~invaded  and which now blazes natural hot bath, while the provisions, The fijvinR of these signatures, ar- (0al we burn. Eighty-five per cent goes in the centre of the Maltese cross in clothing, etc., are conlained in a nuin- . QUS n* is lhe worg entailed when a vp the chimney. If we could find a the crown made for Queen X ictona is of water-tight casks.	i in trch is conscientious, constitutes but way to get the energy out of the coal
1906: white-haired patriarclf energeticalm ¦~ gaged In the former occupation. Oanc nimmll, again, has passed his sixtieth birthday, yet, despite physical 111-health, is menially as active as ever. Lying on his sofa In his house at Bath, England, he dictates his glowing word pictures jf sea and sky and storm. The great sea writer was at school In France with throe of Charles Dickens' sons.
1906: France:France:~M. Rarlhou, Minister of Commerce, xvho has the posts In his department, declared that all postmen who did not ri.turn to duty Friday morning would he replaced. This is because ho must at anv cost put an end to this fantastic action, which would have the result of disorganizing economic and social life of . We must not let  get anxious for she would pass very rapidly from anxiety to terror.
1906: Then we have no guarantee that the country would not listen to the first charlatan audacious enough to repeat the celebrated phrase: “Let good people be reassured and the wicked tremble.”~ This Is what France did in the middle cf the last century, and twenty years Viler the good and the wicked found themselves pell-mell in the casements cf Prussian fortresses. That does not matter, for France would again sacrifice the future for the present as do
1906: France:Germany:~chemists in  and  "l Wyndhnni, then at the portrait, at ran only he undertaken between the enhair fern. The hostess was asked u,e sP,Pndld arKl Nourishing sensitive niarine Tho j»ort jdfk.Son had been about the task of obtaining other colors	Garrick, then at Wvndham. “Charles”	months of December and May, which is	how she had	obtained mignonette *o	P,anl of ^>y»on. This	plant	causes	you	t()W<d ruUnd from London to the fJian
1906: France:England:~ Is now playing the rote of the worlds banker;  lost her claim the title when she went to war
1906: France::~The strides towards (inuncial su-which  is making have
1906: France:France:~One thinks of the usually well supplied money markets us to-day cleaned up bare, in a condition of drought ; but then there is a great reservoir of free capital in  winch is being lapped by the other thirsty nations, and which, in spite of the drain on it, keeps well filled and shows no sign of exhaustion. The Rank of  has in its vaults to-day nearly Stiuu.OUU.uUU of the precious metal ; two years ago It had St65.Ouu.OiO, and in 1900, when Paris began slowly to forge ahead <>f London as the centre of the largest money supply, the institution held only $376400400.
1906: France:Germany:~How has , a nation industrially inferior to  and with a commerce very much below that of Great Britain, guined such a power -n world finance Î The answer is, through her domestic economy thrift, intense application to the work in hand and the very commends bis ambition to carve from life's labors enough to make bright tlie Inevitable rnlny day and to cheer old age the Frenchman has no peer. To save is an inherited desire. The poorest peasant m the least productive parish of the republic manages to put aside a HMle ?•itch year for a competency, and I he fish* rnifn down on the Britanny ri as4 would have starved a few winters ago, when the catch was almost nothing, had they not l»vn able to draw fnna
1906: Esmeralda ; TVs too bad you’~ve carry It through a lean period, given Jack his walking papers, lies The population of France is Um good», all right"	Wuuuie) people; the
1906: France::~Turkey. A* soon as he thought  wasn’t looking he issued an trade, re-
1906: France::~llh of  This weal»
1906: France::~The labor conflict In  still coni j doues. The workmen declare that they /	ire determined to struggle until the em-
1906: France::~A Legless Bandit Terrorized  \\underfill One-Armed Woman
1906: of the lines formed by the pillars are the eve of his marriage. Ilia fiancee d on ceremonial occasions, in ci- threw him over and married a wineshop keeper In the Rue Menleiiiontsul. Fa cry night afterw ards the legit*»~* man wltoeled himself to the shop and sat there The throne itself is a sort of divan, silent and occupiez a plat form surmounted by e gdded canopy, the gift of France. At receptions each side of it is defended by two young princes with guns, while behind and around arc grouped the Ministers, judges and officers of the court.
1906: France:Japan:~cam,, d butter from  and Swodt-n mid of oleo margarine from the United Slates. The canned butter Is sold in  at M cents a pound. Milk Is so much of a luxury that It Is given only l«. invalids, fanned milk is imported
1906: •pector LlUlechild, who retired on a proverbial order are burying their heads disaffection was rife even in its ranks, pension some eleven years ago. The ,n the sand and imagining that con- his anger knew no bounds. He had the machinery and methods of the Special sequently their whereabouts and actions whole of the officers and men paraded Branch were found to be equally well ! Ve û profound secret; whereas tlielr before him, and after addressing to adapted to the ultra earnest Russian j Pbotos, each one bearing a description them a few scathing words, he publicly, patriot or the fanatical bomb thrower °~f toe various physical characteristics with Ills own hands, tore up the uniform from France, Italy or Spain.	| cf toe subject, are being carried in the he was wont to wear upon occasion w
1906: sent there is no combined International personally by indolent indulgence, why, Wour hours notice, and sent up the When "Mac ’~ and his comrades arrived France, Spam. Italy. Germany, Bely once. "I wond#c how -hany person* movement against this class of crime 1 that we can correct, and we can vastly	j Nl*e to roast at Assouan.	tn the Australian gold-diggings after	gium, and Switzerland, for the purpose	have	even	ponderea	the	fact	that	a
1906: France::~XiiMinded	.	Arctic Circle.	e. I „ . , Ihfll the next few years I One of the most amazing marriages
1906: France::~the cage door stepped In, end locked ,n * H I, by no means rare toj the door after him. In a few momelns beer of actions being brought against^ the three eavege brute# had tom Ms médical men for giving evidence regard-body to shreds before the eyes of the lng ,heir patients' health, and tn Nnr horror-«truck guests. Money troubles Yor* there to a etstute which forbids a
1907: France::~boos and string, for firing	on the	barrel. I then fired two blank caii-1	|n  a capital of £Hu.,mO was subbranches of a tree In which to	sit. and	ridges in quick succession—~the signal to |	Germany lias found a	peril in	apples,	bribed; a vertical shaft was sunk near
1907: England:France:~Plans to Connect  and  Date I our Hundred Years
1907: England:France:~It is now more Hum a century since the problem of bridging over or burrowing under Ihe English Channel was first seriously attacked by engineers ; and many and marvellous nre the schemes that have since txjen devised. In IH02 M. Mathieu, a great French Engineer, conceived a wonderful idea of a submarine road, through which coaches could be driven from  to , tunnel was to be lighted l*y oil lamps and to be venldaled by a series of shafts rising high aliove the surface of Hie woU*r. Mut the scheme was hopelessly impracticable; for, apart from the grave danger from one or moro of these shafts being destroyed hy the waves, a line of closely placed shafts drawn aciuss lho Channel would prove a .smous obstacle and menace to navigation.
1907: FRANCE::~AU.OIIOUSM IN .
1907: France::~The rapidly Inrivasing consumption ot alcohol in  is attracting the attentHin of statesmen, who, following the example of Belgian and Swiss leg-Maters, are devoting earnest efforts to restrict the spread of the evil. In both Chambers Important groups have been burned who>e members are endeavoring to effect the enf remuent of existing enactments and the promotion of fre.sh legislation with the view of limiting the numtier of saloons, of strengthening the hands of the authorities so as to im-provo their supervision and eventually to forbid Uie sale of absinthe as being the most deleterious ol alcoholic liqu-
1907: France::~Recent statistics com pi lot by Alfred Renmianl, of Parts, lead to the conclu elusion that the wealth of  Is de-
1907: France::~francs or a d *clme of 441,000,000 From ment of Intoxication. An offender is this it is deduced that Iho wealth of thereby mvlcled in graduated penalties.  decreased 14 500.000 (MO francs, or The find charge of inebriety entails a 900.000.000. in that period.	fine of from one to five francs; a • e nd
1907: France::~The reign of terror at Marseilles, , continues, and the bands of hooligans, who do not even stop at murder, grow more daring every day.
1907: A despatch from Buns says: An ingcji Sous thief has done a title quiet “K«~<e penicklng" at the Chaleo d Euu Barracks a! Paris, France.
1907: France:Canada:~Nobles ol New , Vs  Will Called. Were a Very Restricted
1907: France::~lime liekmgctl t . The first be run	selvage vessel
1907: FRANCE::~NOBLES OF NEW .
1907: France:Canada:~The nobles of New , ns  was known in olden times, w> re a very l'est rioted body. There seems to have he n only two marquise tee. namely, that of Ik Subie, granted in HIM, in conjunction with certain lands at Time Rivers, and the Morquisale de Miscou, cunfermt upon a certain Michel de St. Merlin, together with the island of Mis-in thv Gulf of SI. Lawrence. Hut
1907: France::~huge campaign funds and to prohibit con- C1j registered letter, requesting them I nsed In  In 1550 tributions thereto by corporations, con- pBy their half of same on or before the tractors and promoters ;	of June, 1907, and if not settled by
1907: France::~Despite all modern Improvements Paru still heats its offices and its houses to a large extent with wood. Its bakers and confectioners uso hardly anything cl.to for fu-'l whole forest of timber every year, and extensive forests in several regions of  are reserved for supplying It with fuel.
1907: France::~Coal is scarce in  and dear and not of very good quality. Besides, the Parisians are conservative in home matters. The cheery appearance of the glowing log on the hearth appeals lb Uiein anil most likely generations will pass before they give up burning wood altogether.
1907: France::~It Is not expected that it will diminish. The trees cut range in age from 24 to M\ years; the average is about 30 years. From this an estimate may be made . f the enormous tracts of land given up to forestation in  for the purpose. Some of the logs are cut near Paris. A good deal conies from woods in the department of I Oise and I Aisne to the north and some from Ixiiret to the south.
1907: France::~In , on the other hand, the formation of the first line for the attack, aie essentially elastic, the advance is preceded by scellons, each under a non commissioned officer, which work Independently, making every use of cover.
1907: France::~In defence, again, there Is a marked difference between the tactics of the two nimies. The German regulations lay down that there must, as a rule, he only one position, and that this must be entrenched and held to the last; In  advanced positions are favored, and the men are taugtit to retire before the presence of superior forces, but always to watch for an opportunity for resuming the offensive.
1907: France::~Dr. Voschide. a most serious psychologist, of Paris, , publishes in the dignified "Heview of Philosophy" .an elaborate study of chiromancy, the art practice of foretelling the future of n person by inspecting the lines and lineaments of the hand. He gives results gained by tils scientific study under test conditions.
1907: France::~multiplied exceedingly. The fame of the flower spread throughout , and, bv reason of Its having come from the Holy Land, was regarded as tc snored that it was ln great <lemand for decorations • and for bridal Before Count Thibaut died
1907: Injuries to or complete Ins* of other ,vor heard of a wind strong enough to	-*- th»~ er.-alest authorities in France on '' s, . ,, m m,n ln ,v(,rv (p women.
1907: France::~Onirial reports show that 150,000 persons die of tuberculosis in  every year. Among 257 workmen kept under tho careful observation and all living under practically the same conditions, the mortality from tuberculosis amounted to more than 30 per cent.
1907: “Waiter,“~ called n tourist in France, indignant at the discovery of a fly in the soup. “Waiter—"
1907: PEASANTS KNOW IT.	*’~lho deputyM	FORMS OF TRADE.	Workers in aniline dye factories are towns of the Siongfu district of China	NES, FRANCE.
1907: snirntinn eimu» fmm Kiiidniul. and that	.	Xl '• x* 1,1 ¦’“‘~b, France, and organiz- a very frosty one, glittering stones will of the then comparatively small lril>e.
1907: France::~i Paths, of Paris, .
1907: France::~M A. In Paris, , and organized Hie institution. Mrs. (iaylord is making plans to organize a Young Women's I DUTY EIGHT YARDS OF NAIL. I4"hnslian Association on similar lines.
1907: France::~nf I ho pooliss, nn<l remainnl sik?nt. In	, imd to wnrvler once more	r|MI	^^ouily	ivnisl Hie rule of 11hi whiles.	groCge	\\o cannot	then	refuse	their	fit*- j
1907: France:England:~ In 1560 and Into  In
1907: “I consider the Dreadnought a great William Harcourt—~that was what h I LOI n STOPPED A LEAK ON A BIG whom lo frighten. SumMiims it is all mistake in naval construction. France, went to.	0TP»..0..m	Important to alarm friends; sometime*
1907: !•~* Ihos*' used by France and Great Bri-	WQ8 given a gorgeous palace to live in,	lived many a larger and	more pre-ten-	most wonderful skin cure known. Zarri-
1907: France::~B urges, , November S.-
1907: France:United States:~Snails, slimy and repulsive, are looked upon with loathing by the average Briton. But in , Switzerland, the south of Europe and the  any sentimental repugnance is not allowed to weigh against the undoubted nutritive qualities of ttie land mollusk.
1907: France::~treaty recently negotiated with , | corrupt methods of the present government, its buach >>f faith in ign< r tig thi platform Oil which it was placed 111 port !, and its policy of plundering the put lie advanced for the alow progress which has I revenue to intrench i s. If in office
1907: France::~St. Foil tells us, says the elder Disraeli, that kings were usually addressed by the titles of most illustrions, yonr serenity or your grace. The appellation of your majesty was established by that Tiberius of ,
1907: France::~flown from this cold world long ngn." 0.1 to vis t Ihe Old World. She had 1,1C recenl Irouble in Natal showed wjICII plC Sou Hi African black men will Yvonne patted Ihe trembling hand longed, with passionate fervor, to see llml rr i n n y of the natives believe Hi**y be us educated a.s the American ne-of the poetvss, and remained silent. In , and lo wander once more rri11 Already resist the rule of the wbib s, grocs. We cannot then refuse their den moment Mehetablc again spoke, this among the scenes of her infancy where mic can say at the moment how almond then fur t lie franchi e time in a tunc of melancholy résigna- the ocean washes Ihe shores of I trill any. Biis haling extends. If it were lo spread
1908: sk'n waa i ot broken. It wax veiy pain of steamers which ply along bis coasts, ful, but ti e i ext day it waa spp ren ly King George of Greece is the poorest betur. During the week following Mr. of all kings. Ills Income Is about $700 O’Brien ft* t p< only, but no cause for a day, which Is nothing to one obliged alarm wt,s felt till he bees me sudden y to maintain the state and dignity of a worse, w hen » consi 1 at «ou was c»~I Vd, king. He would be poorer still were It but too Ute t* save his l/e. Slowly but not for outside help. England, France sire y ti e bruised put had be «orne «~ amj Russia each subscribe $20,000 a p*ts«ned, ana it was all through Its system before mtdirai aid was summoned.
1908: France::~It Is forty-five years since Mr. PhRy ippe came to Ixindon from the Mid district of  in s arch of work. Jle found it at the flavour. That was his first and last engagement. It was » shabby little restaurant in tliose days, but its frequenters were liberal in their “tips” and it was not king lefore fho genial French waiter became sole proprietor. Soon the house became famous for ils two-*hilling dinners (wine-excluded), and Philippe began to amass a fortune. How much he made no one can say, to r although a s.ngle man and of most frugal habits lie gave very largely to charity.
1908: Spain:England:~Wine, Too, in targe Regions of Gcr many, France,  and .
1908: France::~__	,lw'* I k7 g, *he ,narmw north-northeast j tegtelalten is Imtpimd by our own, nnd| Wedding Party in  Overwhelmed
1908: •~on or under police supervision u ,/)ln I math us.	*	France, the Ironie of President Fallierc* M. v *Mf
1908: France::~Tho most i x pensive Parliament In Europe Is that of , which costs #1,500,000 n year. The French people ore very well represented. There are 300 Senators and >4 Deputies. Been And few were the cares of the morrow | receives a salary of $1,800 u year. When youth and boyhood were in their The Pope does "his privafe writing wi h prune,	a gold pen, but his pontifical signature
1908: France::~The Irishman in  had been challenged to a duel.
1908: France:France:~What becomes of all the money that is coined is a question that is now puzzling  because of a report by M Arnaune, Director of the Mint, published recently. This document asserts that 8,#3,000,000 franc ($1,688,000,000) of corned money has disappeared from circulation in the last hundred years * 1 The present gold coinage of  dates back to 1*03 the silver
1908: dun Emergency Workhoun. at Bel -I |",d ,‘h^ '"Y *°~ f*rmere run* ,nto In France breach „f promise cas '* one fifth of the myrmite dowry. m„nt at a cost of about $i a avek '	P-und,	es are rare for the simple reason t i. easy to understand, when all
1909: The ‘~implicit}* and unity of the	France spends on food for a family	of lace or net.
1909: France::~vril hatches	made \ar\. ; waistband round their faces, or if	In , for the privilege of j	distinct shades fall	behind	faded
1909: England:France:~All the money goes into the com I while  builds a battles),in mon treasury, and late in the fall in two years, it takes  five
1909: WÊÊ~M HHHHI	aids)	and an immense silver vase	j COST OF GOVERNING FRANCE,	it	went up to	$45,000. From	1870\
1909: France::~a"e,a<J j or y?uj Mr.	Masters is	Gracie s convalescence; how he had	worked in enamel and jewels ; the	. In Napoleon I/s time it	while at the present	time it has
1909: Holland:France:~jSpain,  and  had , ?olon£ thel,r ,fleec?* became	home.
1909: usa:France:~Death of Woman Mho Spoke to the and they should be in their places | Duelling Leagie, and t e crde jttg jn Bome parts of . These Suddenly one of them stops and
1909: France::~The government of  has mis- visiting acquaintance with Mrs. Bur laid a colony, and the government of kett, you might just walk up there and Mexico has found it It is Clipperton see who that man Is.” island, a little isle in the Pacific ocean, “Ob, aunt. I can’t! I couldn’t ask degrees north and 109degrees longi-	guch n question!”
1909: France::~Tariff revision has been receiving much attention of late in  and has been the subject of a report by a parliamentary commission, which gives an interesting glimpse of tariff tendencies on the continent of Europe. The subject is dis-
1909: “~Sovereigns in Slippers" is tho title id a new book in w liich Henri Nicolle, Paris, France, has collect -o<l anecdotes about the rulers of ever) country in Europe, a kindly collection for the moet part, oon-tainiug nothing t<» annoy those with whom the stories deal.
1909: France::~In ancient times kings and queens were as assiduously copied by faahionmongers as are the Sovereigns of to-day. Many a well-known and long-lived fashion owes its origin to some accident on ths part of a great ruler. Thus the peruke, which had so long a life, was duo to the fact that Phillip, Duke of Burgundy, in order to cover up a bald head, took to wearing artificial hair, setting a fashion that became world-wide. Charles the Seventh of , to cover up his misshapen legs, wore a long coat. This led to a fashion for long coats. The neck ruffs, which our sisters and cousins still wear, were first used by Queen Elizabeth to hide a none too comely neck. During the reign of George the Third the Duke of York fought
1909: France::~exiled to , who desired to allé- manacs, which arc chiefly concerned vi, t.. their h	* 1 indulg- j ,, ,ut blood letting.—Westminster Ga-
1909: France::~The grave problem presented by a dealing birth rate is again distressing , which is particularly engaged at this moment in weighing the merits claimed for a plan proposed by Prof. Charles Richet, of the Academy of Medicine and M. Leroy Beaulieu. The scheme proposes a system of bonuses for children, the bonus growing as tho number of children in one family grows; that is, while the parents get nothing in consideration of the first child, they get 600f. for tho second, 1,000 for the third, and
1909: France::~Naturally the proposition has aroused warm opposition asked whether the class which would be reached by such an offer is one worthy to be the parents of future generations. There are not lacking those who affirm that the prosperity of  rests on the principle of the small family, and who foresee revolution, chaos and national poverty if large families become general.
1909: France::~now, and if prudently generated Gobelins takes its rise from the should be fitted up to do. some	time of Henry IV. of	,	who
1909: Holland:United States:~a year, while in England it is only f .03 pounds. Next to England comes Canada, with 4 pounds there is a remarkable gap, as , the next country on the list, only accounts for 1.4 pounds head annually. The  record is only 1.3 pounds. ’~ smallest consumers of tea in the civilized world are Germany and France.
1910: France::~duce the result ia not great.	Queen of  Interceded on l$e« dining to clemency and humanity. ulator who then held a policy for
1910: France::~spoonfuls vanilla. Chop pecans	A liul	thickening	may bo added if	no other cause but that tho latter	set out for ,	and	there tend-	How is such	gambling possible 1
1910: usa:England:~Torrential raina in France of late have caused one of the moat disastrous floods in the history of the country, involving property losses of over two hundred mil ions of dollars, and causing untold distress and misery among hundreds of thonds of po pie. Vrgeut relief measures have been undertaken in  and other countries to meet the | terrible situation.
1910: age romps how easy it was to re- 1i‘ P°.tr e “I* ncw °*<* coate three eggs, one half lemon (the rub the grease into the paner un- rnnUv reported from Bordeaux, “You haven't seen any strang-1 [Va,n coniplet'dy hidden among ‘~ ,e ushe<,e	, juice); three quarters cupfuls of derneath, and your tablecloth will France, of a young man who, twd
1910: FRANCE::~THE DEBT OF .
1910: France::~Pau, in , January 26. 1764 His had a long, restful nap, and that she men are in the forests, the provisory	modernities. Nature has pro- The favorite game of o hers sc	Edward Grev. has documentary evidence
1910: France::~realize that  could not .'crever largest which now remain of ancient as ‘connumicate, prediction, circu- f 1 am t tired of carryin / said the was a fool.	, death, dragged themselves piteously over
1910: Italy::~It was in existence in  hh far back physician, commenting on this opinas A. D. 1800. the court of Turin In ion, said: "By rebreathing the air of that day making especial use of it and a stuffy room the germs of a cold are the royal family and nobles taking likely to be taken into the system, part in It The ballet wns first Intro- especially if there is another person «Mlnard’~t Liniment Cures Colds, Eto.	duced In France in the reign of Louis in the room who has a cold
1910: ihe body. in diseases of the < heat that, beyond n terra cotta Jar or two this fine old instrument the bruin children poultices may do harm holding n rosebush or a flowering ol- ended dû~mes of fair France may from their weight, embarrassing toon(j# |)Hre had no green thing withta have danced the minuet in glimmer-respiration, aud	by	lack	of	skill	in	^ & ol r gates.	ing rhythms	in tiie feasts of Lu per
1910: France::~It. The grocer throws a stone at the *:u6land. , Switzerland and a ! la mo8t CASe* ,ho “~freak" bills that dog and kills him. The huntsman !>urt of Italy, then through the orient havo escaped the vigilance of the bti-draws hi# sword and cuts off the gro- ‘ t0 india. It was In India that 1 be- reau's officers are national banknotes, cers arm, after which he is cut down camc much Interested in one of the which, like the regular treasury notes, by the infuriated mob of tho bazaar. nalive snake charmers, fie had tho j aie Panted there. As intimated al-Tbe governor of the town, informed 8nakes crawling all over him and of- j ready, the face value is always recog-of the fact, sends messengers to arrest fered me one to fondle. 1 told him I ‘ nlzed when the "freaks” come to tie the murderer. When the crowd re- WQS nfral<i It would bite me. Ile as* i cashed at any branch of the treasury, slsted troops were dispatched to the 1 M,red mo that It wouldn't, and 1 took Tbc iraI>riut on the back has no lawful scene of the conflict, whereupon the u,e reptile In my hand. It promptly slatus whatsoever, townspeople mixed themselves up in fastened fangs In me. 1 su Id. "Tho Tl,e notes are printed in sheets, the riot, which lasted three days and devil ,e won't!” and dropped It, and Usually there will be one twenty and
1910: France::~Madame Duval, of Dijon, Fiance and superstition are supposed to be Hungary, Belgium, , Ger- general commercial reasons which rested at Portsmouth and he « ¦~,* has made a pet of a wild boar, or- peculiar, but had come from the many, Luxemburg, the Nether- induce the colonists of German committed for trial on -, felonv ilinarily considered the most dan- I fashionable quarters of the West lands, Portugal, Switzerland, Italy South-west Africa to emigrate, the cba
1910: Germany:France:~Of course there is no place on the death ns any which exist today earth where the force of gravity Is Prussia decapitation by tbe ax is still two-thirds smaller than at New York, the recognized method of execution, hut there are many places where the but the rest of  follows the difference Is considerable enough to example of  and uses the gull leW tine.
1910: France::~Execution had almost become obsolete in  until public senti meut
1910: France::~patience uf the fisherman incident uf an angler in sunny  may be taken ns a model cf them all
1910: France:France:~said that next year will see m.l-lionn of French capital invested in this country, No doubt when this com cm about, something will ho done to aid in the exporting of Canadian wheat to France.* At the same time it must bo remembered that  us a rule atx-ports a certain amount of wheat and that large quantities of French Hour are consumed in Ireland. This year  is short of wheat and auditions are exceptional.
1911: France::~Annie, the duchess in wooden shoes who brought Brittany in the pocket of her wedding gown to her husband, the King of , kept the Govern- Smith.
1911: France::~duties on wheat in  or G or-	second sleeper. They are brilliant-	desirables”~ of Europe simply m Japan,	valued	lortneir	Beauty
1911: will probably ' cash up,”~ smile imported from France, which bad ^eted with the criminal classes abdomen. By deep breathing the e®n ^	.	. in g, n oi A perfect master of hi. facts, lie *
1911: Statistic© published show that since 1900 to the end of 1909 births in Belgium have been constantly decreasing. They amounted to 193,789 in 1900, fell progressively to 183,834 in 1908 and to 176,431 in 1909, although the number of marriages has only diminished by a very small figure. In view of the enormous decrease of births i»~ France, folk wed by a similar phen omcnon in England, although on a smaller scale, and by the same fact in Belgium, scientists here are expressing the opinion that France,
1911: France::~legs were broken and lient, hack I suppose those of us who over] wards. The lower part of his body think about the Foreign Legion of was slashed to pieces, but none of  at all, picture the men who his wounds was deadly. They must compose it as a set of devil-may- have tormented him for hours.”
1911: France::~A Second Describes How One Was Conducted in .
1911: Russia:Russia:~Those affairs of honor, impressively called duels in France, need have little terror for the friends ot peace. More bloodless battles were never fought. An American living in Paris was asked by a French marquis to act as his second in a duel to which he had been challenged by a Russian general. The occasion of tho challenge was that the marquis had gossiped too freely about a broken engagement and a suspected theft of the n. The seconds of the n were a colonel and a baron from his own country. The formal meeting of the four seconds is reported in the Independent.
1911: France::~of .
1911: France::~The joining itself was an easy matter  does not ask for ncjently occupied with himself. If
1911: France::~Truly,  does not let her Legionaires leave her easily. There are plenty of other horrors in the Legion, as the following will show :
1911: France::~The author, in the course of his grim,though wonderfully interesting narrative, does not hesitate to remind  that she drjves too hard a bargain with the poor fellows who are forced to seek the hospitality of the Foreign Legion, and it would he difficult to imagine telling indictment than that
1911: Little by little the old superficial judgments are passing away, in this age of better acquaintance and of larger sympathy among Laurence Jerrold, himself] lishman,—-an inhabitant of band of homes,"—in “~The Real France," pays tribute to the home life of Paris.
1911: France::~Lothringen, and  is by no The r€Cor<j 0f Mrs. Zapowa is not means behind in her precautions. an unueuai on«~ for Polish women, As soon as the war of 1871 was wbo accoI11pijsh stupendous feats of over France began to build a huge dancing at their weddings, and it chain of fortresses all the way ^ been placed on record that from Belfort to Longwy. 1 he steep anotber St. Louis woman danced Vosges mountains guard a port:on al|nogt continuously for three day* of this frontier, but the rest is flat country, and the boundary line
1911: preached the well-known spot near p*wtum was oelebrated at MoncallerL the field gate. Nell wee not there: neâr »~furln, 1# the recognised Bona! What could it mean? Not a word, not igWPt|et to the throne of France; a sign elnce the competition three!	^ Duke of Orlesne le the
1911: ling,”~ he placed hla hands on her,	tlirono 0f France he would become
1911: shoulders. “~Mr. French has painted' Napoleon IV.; but he would be the the bright side of this life for you;] Jast of his line. It has been alleged but there la another side. Believe me,! that the Prince contracted a morgsna-the way to such Joys as you hope to ;uc marriage, in Brussels, and has three attain lies through a hard country, be ; children living; but, of course, they* eet with temptations. Think serious-/ could not succeed their father to any ly. Nellie, dear, before you leave us, !roya| honors and dignity which the all. 1 know Mlllden is not a beautiful Royalist party of France hope will) place, but there are places far worse, j tall on him In the near future. Hence
1911: France:England:~Napoleon. This rumor was credited As a consequence, the police offilcals In some quarters, as. at the time, the whenever summoned to Investigate a enmity against  in  had case of crime, search first for finger reached its highest stage.	prints, and those can usually be found.
1911: “~Uncle Swinton, 1 cannot bear the suspense. You must go and find papa, and then come back and tell me the worst, whatever it is. 1 know Margaret was married sec retly in France ; she told me so last night.”
1911: “~Aes; he was married to her in France, and he left her because the blank came to an end—or began,
1911: France::~Then, suppose Mr. Morgan and all others were not influencing tho market, you have to judge how general conditions, money markets in Loudon, New York and  are going to affect
1911: tilings; what tlie crops will be; how industries are doing. You may judge correctly to find -as at present—~France aud Germany at each others throats, and the signed was a marriage certificate, market collapsing through fear of the and that they were legally married.
1911: France:Germany:~Thousands have no doubt read the commendable articles recently appearing in some of the leading American and Canadian papers on the use of alum in baking. Until the Dominion Government follows the lead of England,  and  and prohibits the use ol alum in fo<*ls, there is hut one safeguard against alum, and that is to buy only a baking-powder which has the ingredients plainly stated on the label.
1911: France::~"The First European Settlement in New Brunswick was established in 1611 by Captain Marveille and others from St. Malo, ."
1911: France:Germany:~When  and  )Ycre
1911: France:Germany:~It now appears that the Morocco war scare led to a good deal of searching of hearts among the British military authorities, and that if the negotiations between  and  had come to a quick and belligerent end Britain would have been caught in a state of unpreparedness almost equal to that in which she found herself at the outbreak of the Boer war. writes a London correspondent. Wonders have been worked during the last two months, however, and recently a British military expert told the writer that Britain was now ready to take the field at any moment.
1911: Russia:Italy:~Although the war cloud has lifted for the time being, this expert was anything but optimistic about the future. The delay, he declared, was solely due to strategic reasons on the part of Germany. If war were to break out now, Germany would have to deal single-handed with France, Britain and , and if Austria backed her up actively,  would probably join the anti-German coalition, with the idea of avenging ancient defeats and winning back her lost provinces. If the outbreak of hostilities
1911: France:Germany:~Noted food scientists have decided that alum is an unseen danger in food, and as a result of their investigations, rigorous laws have been enacted and are now being vigorously enforced in England, "Slithers made a pile of money  and , prohibiting in that gold mine of his, didn’t the use of alum in foods, he?” asked Willoughby.	Until suitable laws are passed in
1911: England:United States:~that too much courtesy has In all lges accompanied downfall. "Noblesse 3blige,H it says, "has ruined more people and nations than unwise speculation. France has a name for courtesy; go has Italy; so has Spain. Germany,  and the  each •Office : Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks hag a special brand of bad manners.
1911: France::~distinctly understand that nothing and originated in .
1912: France::~and watching his face. * Mrs. (lower has gone back to . ’
1912: Against this complication of dis T*? 8 sh^'°uw ",owl> paling over place cured her kidney disease, her ed a medal from the French Armv ease I waged , vigorous warfare for the fac" .uf. th? *»“¦ The phenom- heart trouble and other aches and in 1870. but it has only recently several months, using many differ- ?no" wll‘ ?eK,n at |° 46 “ m., and pains also disappeared. She cured reached that gallant officer. „ war ont remedies, none of which gave I two brief seconds, ten minutes her kidney disease easily and quick- medal, ordered to commemorate the permanent relief. In my discour-	m,dday' thf Sll‘,urb* north of ly by using Dodd’~s Kidney Pills. war with France, 1793—1814
1912: France::~Britain had been engaged with  lad been terminated
1912: France::~ate illness, from which I arose en- serve it with cabbage he would feebled in mind and body. The doc- not. Cabbage was plebeian in *t tor advised me to live on cereals, self, and partridge with cabbage but none of them agreed with me was a dish popular in some parts of until I tried Grape-Nuts food and , doubtless, among families Post urn.	of a certain social grade, but for the
1912: usa:France:~Thonds follow them on the march, cheering the flag. The old spirit of anti-militarism, which was fostered by the socialists, has almost disappeared. It is recognized that the Poincaire ministry is the most truly representative  has had in many years, although it is even now rumored that the present prime minister will not remain 20 power long. If he relinquishes his place—which the best opinion regards as doubtful—he will probably give wav to Briand, who would retain many of the present cabinet.
1912: Germany:France:~Japan, as well as England,  and , has a remarkable tale to tell of heroism shown by «adora in submarine accidents, the Isle of Wight. One officer and Qn April 15, 1910, Lieutenant Tsu-eleven men were lost in that collision. Then came the A5 disaster-in
1912: France::~An account of a remarkable dis covery made some time ago by an explorer in the extreme north of Siberia, is given in a recent issue The vote for the military secret of the Paris Temps, the scientific service in  averages $940,- editor of that publication telling the
1912: France::~f^tcd him a chance of making 1 .	.	"""
1912: France:Germany:~In England,  and  A woman never thinks her hus-[tea is made in much the same pleb-band so unreasonable as when he elan way, but in other countries the expects her to be reasonable
1912: France::~and .
1912: France::~It would even surprise very few > if Paul Deschanel were selected by the Senate and Chamber to succeed President Pallieras next February at the Rlysee. The men to whom  looks for presidential timber arc the presiding spirits of the Chamber of Deputies and of the Senate. When President Loubet was elected, Paul Deechanel was a candidate. Two facts militated
1912: c8,?rnt„ T-" J f,8'r trlv‘~ H .voung matrons in France, who Sold by all medicine dealer, or by wou]d	the presidential recep-
1912: France::~most-talked-of men in . The
1913: France::~Thrones by .	j “I live in the poor box ' — London for four year# six times per week
1913: France::~soon become desirable if  con-	Fo	v Fo°, . M _ pleasure.
1913: France::~Two Danish inventors have fo way to put out oil fires by a carbonic acid that la foaming violently. The foam la produced by a mix-of two liquids, and it is said that when it la thrown on burning substances, such as oils, benzine and tar, j It apreads rapidly over the aurfaceand against  mud was deported to puts out tbe flames by cutting off the Africa. He receives 80.000 francs a Many tanks that contain oil or other highly inflammable liquids are now permanently fitted with perforât- ally wealthy, baa submitted to exile, sd pipes, through which tbe foaming but has never accepted a penny from mixture can be applied directly to the bis victorious enemies The ex-saltan surface of tbe burning material. Hlth- uf the Tuaregs, the highwaymen of
1913: France::~nagv statistics. In fact, the num- , also, owns some exquisite than a fortnight. What makes Iari* 111 r>Vr m*nu **	" h ' UIsm A* earthware 468.403	395 1J4 aid casually fix it to the underside
1913: It*". Xbïbl.Th."*A^libl.hop Rru.H.il'1 oou'*tr‘«~*. *hioh. hkT France, de	bird, are quickly made prisoner*. lion of the ewt^rn empire in 1104.	*
1913: France::~oYsxpiduJ^.^a^^/aiTbM	,Afc	^ Prewnt	t^6 	possibilities When insanity crept	they first alight on a ship is not I French	Mea to Purify Water by I
1913: immense ‘~strides that France has already made and is still making :
1913: France::~Of the 500 machines mentioned, appreciably more than 300 are ready for use in war. It will, perhaps, add to the significance of the above table if one adds that it is the avowed ;im of  to possess at the end of 1914 an effective force of 1,000 war aeroplanes, complete with all their transport equipment, field repair shops, pilots, observers, and skilled mechanics.
1913: France::~Invariably tried to reconcile himself with  rather than to
1913: •'I. i.53tim,.ü,r «««~of France, 3^	XuX M
1913: Spain:France:~great in ,  and north-	'	? . * ^cmo% m# all the pulp and the fire| and pour cold water linme-
1913: she glared at him with flawhmg vy«# «•*. ^a,'t t<> carry on ’~ I only want to talk to discomfiture of	the	po.,r mortal epiriti 80ns a fair education. To improve	year; tho President of France about. Henry Rogers,	barrister,	the	com-
1913: France::~ing thence to Saint Petersburg, Somewhere the legend exists that where the Czar personally congru the goat was created by the devil, tulated her upon her skill. In July, which, perhaps, is justified by the 1911, while she was leading in a big animal's pernicious activities and race in , her machine sud- his fondness for things not enjoyed denly dropped to earth like a stone, by any other living creature. In Her life was despaired of, but after ancient times the honor of being a long convalescence she began fly- sacrificed to Bacchus was conferred ing again in February, 1918.	upon and in modern times the
1913: France::~immediately preceding the horrible	ting an opening for his genius. He	 and Britain on the brink of	after the passing of the Home Rule!
1913: Rare “~Ball Lightning** Recently* Seen by People of France.
1913: France::~posts along the roads The  are classified as ma
1913: France::~in  the total number Is 19,800, I The body was naked except for a mao’~s giving 6.1 per 10,000 inhabitants; coat and a light under garment over the and In Italy the total number Is	upper part of the b« dy.	One	of the
1914: France::~ot tnose cities is deeply interested in wrecking the restaurant, whence the | nu> reading of books, cause of the uproar was lucky In escaping by a back exit. The next day	poets of La Belle ' are
1914: France::~The announcement la made by a ifterward appointed him his court British scientist that he has discover- painter. Da Vinci died in  in ed how the ancient Egyptians incu- |i5l9. bated chickens to the number of 120,
1914: France::~charging petroleum Into a lighter, out of Ita], by Napoleon of the fam- ,e" the steamer Bharata suddenly buret lg ert collectlon which  ac-
1914: France::~If you have any of these Indications structioo, except those in ,
1914: France:England:~which are about the same size. It mould seem that  and  Had an understanding in the matter, as all other countries are building afiipe of 30,000 tons and upwards.
1914: France::~The extent to which aviation has "caught on" in society ia illustrated by the repoit that a youthful lord has resigned his commission in the Royal Horse Guards bo study the art of flying in  His sister
1914: France::~This Hart ling checked suit I. a(cd considerable attention at the Auteui I () race*. Mardi 29th. It is of closely.woven black and white material, with the new bias overskirt and cording*. The collar, cuffs and gaiters are of grey.
1914: France::~had been exiled in  since
1914: France:Germany:~Russia and  Refuse to Accede to the Demands of , and War Results.
1914: France::~loneliness of his life would k<. lead tleiiian	was being initiated into the	blew threateningly. Clayton seized	*d full iway in	 and i» nmr making
1914: France::~| lu , a like protest has
1914: Undoubtedly the French are the by 44,000. better colonizer»~ and the most loved Comparisons with the growth of of the three groat European na- the population in France give strik tiens in Africa. If the worst comes ing figures In 1878, following the
1914: France:France:~bo the worst, it ie said,  Franco-German War,  had a | Three Branches of the Army, Cav-oould raise a black army of 860,000	population of about 36,000,000, only
1914: Russia:England:~Alliance of France and  Began Through Hostility to .
1914: charging agaunst qui< k firing guns. qUic]K|y# The modern bullet is a Thomas for ten years—because of his The real battle is fought by the in- m€~rojfui weapcm ; it either kills services In the bringing about of the Unity. The cavalry provides the ky or puts a man out of the j understanding, while France made him
1914: France::~habitant* as Great Britain and  together, and Austria and
1914: Russia:Japan:~tiJery fire has been successful, the S18ted upon, and water supply, dis alliance between France and  men on foot are able to reach with- p,,**! Gf waste, and all activities are antedating the Anglo-French rap in a quarter of a mile of the position carried on in a hygienic manner, prochement, was entered into largely to be carried. Then the infantry The ese were'the first nation “~ \ result of hostility to England;
1914: Russia:France:~Sir Thomas shows that In the first place, approximately from 1810 to 1900. there was suspicion, then dis like, then hatred, finally almost war let struck Un n it penetrated (over Fishodai between  and
1914: France::~to  in addition to Alsace
1914: craaae from the corresponding week two main claasea, “cootruliable’• of the last two years. The gold and I and “uncontrollable,” or, as they silver holding»~ in France, however, are often termed, “electrical” and showed an increase of about $160.- “mechanical.” In the first class 000,000 over the corresponding week the method of firing js by electri-for the previous two years, and the city. The source of the power reserves have been fteadily mount- whether from battery or dynamo i’~ mg week by week for the last eigh contained in a firing station on teen weeks. Germany shows an in- shore, which is connected up to the crease of about $67,600,000 over the mines by insulated cables. By sim-week ending July 30, 1913, and an ply switching off the electric ‘power increase of about $100,000,000 over such mines are rendered inert and the same period for 1912. For the powerless, week ending July 30, 1914, Ger mechanical
1914: is about 30,000 men. The 23 corps, j ™~ conquers I usaia and France or	proof 0f it
1914: Like #o many great military lead era, Qen. Joffre is a very silent man, rather retiring in his demeanor, yet of the kindest, quietest, most affected, and easy-going manners, which do not at first convey the impression of his rigid will and steellike determination that constitute his chief characteristics. Burly in figure, with heavy flaxen moustache plentifully tinged with silver, thickly tufted eyebrows, shading a pair of very clear blue eyes that often twinkle with merriment,«~are usually genial said but seldom hard, he suggests when in civilian clothes one of those courtly country gentle-1 I men that are to be found in rural j | j France. Yet he can be very g and there are some who regard as harsh, notably those officers of k high rank, comprising a dozen oolo . ' nela and no lees than five generals, ? who last year at the close of the annual manoeuvres were by one sweeping and sudden stroke of discipline relieved by him of their mands and placed on the retired list for inefficiency.
1914: France:Germany:~that there was talk of war between  and , and took the trouble to go round to the police
1914: France:Canada:~aesaiSSaia sir	ciiiiniAM	was	educated in  and .	' the matter	of	trees which have so	An outstanding and Interesting fact	Optical Instruments, paints and colors,	I'*"' ami claims from the present pro-
1914: Germany:France:~Alsace-Lorraine, which ha* always been a thorn in the side of  and a source of weakness to her, will be restored to .
1914: Germany::~The whole of tlie budding Colonial Empire of  wil] disappear. I hope we «dial I not take any of her colonies, for we Have enough and to spare already, and, in any case, Germany’~s overseas possesions are not of much account. Possibly we may consent to them being parcelled out equally between Russia and France, contenting ourselves with Togo I and, and passing Kiao-Chao over to Japan.
1914: Germany:Russia:~Assuming that the German attack on France absolutely fails, and that a similar fate attende the actions of the German fleet against ours, one must presuppose a tremendous wave of enthusiasm sweeping over the armies inVading  which dust carry them over the different frontiers well on the road to Berlin, writes a great military expert in London Answers. Step by step the German armies roust be imagined as recoiling, on the one hand, from the French forces, swelled by the British Expeditionary Army, and, on the other hand, from the enormous n masses moving with slow but irresistible momentum towards the same goal—Berlin.
1914: France::~The German fortresses are enormously etrong, but nothing can withstand the onslaught of a well-directed army with magnificent artillery such as the French Army is equipped with. The forts of Cologne, Strassburg, and Ehrenbreit-etein much larger and mounting heavier guns than those at Liege, must fall to the attack of determined forces in sufficient strength, and able to bring to bear gun* of the right calibre, and, once the plan of the German invasion of  has been thoroughly foiled, we must suppose the French Army sweeping ever)'thing before it.
1914: France:Russia:~With both  and  threatening the German capital, and her sea commerce totally paralyzed by the operations of our Fleet, the German armies must oon*-tdnue to give battle under the moat disheartening conditions which preclude the idea of any victory of sufficient importance to retrieve the
1914: France::~Quite apart from the fact that we shall have united  to us by bonds that can never bo broken—~ which means that France could never be a party to an attack on us by her ally—~the military problem is toe great for Russia to con template.
1914: Germany:France:~When  brought  tect herself from Slav aggression.
1914: France:England:~Russia, , and  will to • common Agreement si mi-
1914: 5ÿ~Krt?I trzm Germany, France te* ®*nts * day In their pay, so ft la
1914: plied : “~They will be here in a week , Gwynne or you will return to France an instance of the taciturnity of the first f General Joffre, an old college friend relates that when at the Col- [ in 1^97 lege of Perpignan he passed his ex
1915: me tiling new in this war, end the allies hive used them ws French earn on a road in Faster»~ France.
1915: France::~va ley m Arizona. He had come	-*	Swiss	I to  later. During an eo- fresh horee to continue the retreat _^.P^ardless of the interests of neu-
1915: France::~In 1800-4, however, Great Britain recognized that the,North had a right to cripple the South's trade, and issued no protest against the A surgeon who has returned from I terrible injury which the action of  pays a tribute to the admir- the Northern navy inflicted on Loanable fortitude of the wounded sol- cashire.
1915: France::~Some day we hope to be able to gratify his Ideals of an Indian regiment who may be able to compare favorably with the splendid achievements of those from India, who are giving such a tine account of themselves in  and Belgium.
1915: France::~According to the French reports the attacks which the (remains delivered The ( lei man Kmjieror is undoubt I Against the Allied lines in Flanders, vdly one of the great men of the present  and Alsace on the first three i-c. By intellect, by character, by days of the week cost them 50,000 men, u irai fibre, be has shown himself won- which must l>c added the losses sus •Î- rftilly endowed. In the first years of | tained in their repeated attacks on the b - reign some of his utterances sent a | Russian entrenchments in Central Po
1915: France::~Ity of Belgium, and by invading  before making a formal de claration of war.
1915: France::~f , now for more i han fort y \ ears	le
1915: Germany:France:~No splendor, there are plenty o' other witnesses to overwhelm the perfect complexion, intensely blue eyes with dark lash es, rich chestnut hair, and cameo like features of this enthroned beauty. It is strange indeed to think that after Louis Napoleon, William I., Bismarck, von Moltke, all the dominating figures of the Franco-Prussian War have been dust these many years, the bowed black shadow of that delicate loveliness still survives, watching ami waiting, with Germany and F at death grips once again is not her war now ; and although  is mightier than ever,  is no longer a corrupt and tottering empire, hut a vigorous young republic; and »ht does not furht alone. W hatever the end may be, it will be strange if those blue eyes that years and tears have dimmed survive to look upon it.
1915: France:Germany:~into . Imagine the failing . rjll r,lht , h r h lior^ watches and French and English crowded districts in . It mixed wèth a small amount of egg. quarter of a teaspoonful of salt,
1915: FRANCE::~WHITE FLAG IN #
1915: m.M HR gone with whole and only indirectly against them. How, or by whom it was their military authorities. It is to taken, I do not know. At least it be added that in a number of cases had gone. And he added that the perpetrators have been duly scarcely a clock or watch in the punished—~when the outrages hap-town to which the Germans had ac- pened in France. It la true that we
1915: Reverting to the German attack on Guinchy on Jan. 25, the “Eyewitness”~ sa)a that the Germans The British army in France L» now I pressed on in swarms, being mowed uainç heavy howitzers, which, ac- down, but yet in places reaching the cording to a report from the Official British trenches, and in others “Eyewitness" with the expedition- penetrating beyond them, ary force, have gained ascendancy “But even when our line was over the heavy German guns. These broken/' he continue», “portions of howitzers, he states, were used in it continued to resist, and our in successful attacks on the German fan try holding them, when assailed position# in the brick field» south from tho rear, remained steady, of \ja Bas see Van: ! a few week ago. faced about and met the enemy with “Our heavy howitzers took part rifle and bayonet, in this bombardment, their fire be- “Some of those in the village ,who ing directed on the railway tm- had been engaged in clearing the angle,” the Eyewitness says. The enemy out of the houses, had got boom of these pieces and the deton- somewhat scattered until of one at ion of their shells were audible party only fifteen remained to
1915: Germany:France:~, 804.533 from , 201,653 from Houmania, 265,843 from
1915: Holland:Germany:~And I have a much stronger feeling that presently the Dutch government will a*k the Germans to time I reconsider their proposed annexa Holland may need to be a stronger <jun of Belgium. Upon that point country, for then she may lie alone ,  has absolutely dictatorial between Britain and —~a I power at the present moment. She dangerous position unless she ie1 could secure the independence of well prepared and protected. So! Belgium at the coat of a lit tile pa that the desire to be larger i* | per and ink. she could force Ger-tempting and she may yet join the | many to evacuate her sister coun-allies and France, Belgium, Hoi try by the mere movement of her land and Britain be hereafter join I army.
1915: • ames ( ’~a is we II.	Great Britain and France will have to "If any German artist shall come to
1915: France::~in Handers. Every I battalion which, is in  has figured in the casualty list, while the wounding of Lieut.
1915: France::~|but wbe." he arr,ves wvu!d * be8t to.cltise thp book of light wa, led by X "- y gl<^,v	inful, * 'g^ind it S*ven colored men were captured flr* 0,1 * 3**r «"xpects in *
1915: France::~keen	pleasure, |	the centre	of the	floor.	land and in . Tlie treatment
1915: France::~What Is believed to be the most durable highways In the world have been made in  of a concrete composed of Iron shavings, cement and sand.
1915: France::~Count Zeppelin is an old acquaintance for . On July 20, 1870, when war was declared, he and four young officers with seven cavalrymen started to make reconnaissance just before Marshal von Moltke was to open hostilities. They hoped to return before being discovered, but enon found themselves obliged to beat a hasty retreat. They were pursued, but succeeded in passing through Wisscm-bourg, Worth, and some other villages. At Retchshof, however, a squadron of chasseurs barred the way, and one officer, Lieut. Wins-loe, was killed. He was the first German to be killed in the war. Three other officers and seven dragoons were surrounded and mpelled to surr ¦¦¦ Zeppelin, mounted on a French horse, which he had taken, managed to escape. He was promoted Colonel when peace was signed and General in 1891. Soon afterwards he retired and devoted himself to hie dirigible balloon work. He was 7(1 years old when war was de dared last summer.
1915: France::~Relieving one's mind In a profane way used to be a costly proposition. In the ninth century Justinian punished swearing by death. By the statutes of Donald VI. and Kenneth IL the north Briton had the offending member cut out when the tongue ran riot, Philip II. of  ordered those guilty drowned In the Seine, and the council of Constantinople excommunicated any one that swore heathen oaths.
1915: France::~nation, and particularly through-	London Time* in , to visit a	year or two.	I while the	bananas are frying; then
1915: 'Many Americans have made ac “~The German diplomats misin-qua in tance within the last fifteen formed their Government about the years with modem Russian liters- state of Great Britain and Ireland lure. It is in high degree imagina and of France, in spite of their tive, hopeful and pathetic, though ample system of resident inform often revolutionary in the proper ere, because neither they nor their sense of that word—that i*, look mg informer» understood the political to great changes in family and so- action < f a free people At this rj»J life and in the life of the moment the German Government is Government IVdstoy represents being misinformed in like manner an immense movement of the Rus- about the state of American public wtan mind. It was tthe Gear of Rue opinion To the German mind that called the first Hague Coo- political liberty means public inference The Gear instituted the capacity and weakness- particular Duma, which has hod already an ly - —	¦
1915: “As to France—~a new thrill of feeling and sentiment lias gone through France. Every one that
1915: France::~returns from  says that the j later in the world people seem changed, externally and internally. They are sober and serious, and they go about their daily work with a grave determination to prevent by any sacrifices the extinction or the reduction in power of the French nation.
1915: France:Germany:~For consumption alone there are scores of specifics not recognized by our College of Physicians. Thus, in Switzerland, the jwiiient must oat five or six pounds of grapes daily; in , snails and raw-meat. are warranted to make a sound man of him; in , salted herring-roes are said to
1915: France::~In addition to this offer to the War . the ( Sovernment is arranging to provide immediately six motor ambulances, which xxill lie sent to .
1915: France::~One such feat is described to ilium-	1 ,rNf Double V .C.	point of mileage, maintain contact South-east  1.
1915: hilation. It was on the evening of ttS ^a®~ been studied in Belgium or He alighted at his base and gave r^ree times. The clasp, which is . . pon ingly easier. At other August 23 that quite unexpectedly Sir France, may be illustrated perhaps as the news, and the commandant saw equivalent to a second Cross, was	* «n	, *?es and the
1915: France::~Slier wot si Moore, Bes>ie I^etts, Alvin Carswell and Janet Carswell have re** , May 31st. 1915.	turned, home ah spending * week in	H*rdiy Worth	Mentioning.
1915: France::~killed in action in  a few | M Italian Critic Says Those of Spair
1915: 1	I nrv that wm.ld’	have son- fastening his eyes upon Ailsa,	that marked the bottle—~had seen the	; tion of a father that stops at nothing shall be very unwilling to allow any partist regime in France, and a vol-
1915: France::~women and social workers in Can- Describing his visit &o one of the ada, is emphatic in her views of a Canadian hospital bases in , much-discussed question. The fol- a correspondent narrates tbp follow-lowing article was given by Lady lng interesting discovery. Seated at Drummond to a London paper:	bead 0f the table was a child of
1915: “~Have you forgotten your pro-j Doctor Paxton turned away for a died. I had been accustomed to and least dreamy of the Italian Pro- France and Ruseia. Sir Robert
1915: in. I et It 1 arisen announce* that the To be sold at the i«~ari*h church door mode of contributing supplies, and British line in France and h landers has of St. Edouard, in the county of Ternis was determined to prove that the been lengthened to a hundred miles, earning on THURSDAY, the*TWENTY masculine mind is much the more with H00,u00 troops actually on the fir* THIRD day of 8E1TEMBER, 1915, at original. Anyway, be has made his ing line. This is a vaster army by far , TEN o’clock of the forenoon.	gift, and any other male who also
1915: FRANCE::~RANCH WILL COMMENCE SEPTEMBER 1ST TO PACK AND SHIP 100,000 GALLON HOSPITAL SIZE SANITARY CANS, EACH CONTAINING 6Vt TO 7 LBS. OF SUPERB BRAND PEACHES FOR DISTRIBUTION THROUGH THE CANADIAN RED ( ROSS SOCIETY TO OVERSEAS HOSPITALS IN BRITISH ISLES,  AND BELGIUM.
1915: In every field of endeavor into had been found to be superior to men which she was pitchforked by the in the making of certain parts of a events of a year ago, the French wo- shell because their fingers are more man has “made good.” Every char- supple than men's as a result of long ity, from the Red Cross down to hours with the needle, teaching the children of reconquered “Transportation by underground Alsace the French language, depends railway or surface cars would be im-upon her for success. Commerce possible in most French cities nowe-would come to a standstill and agri- days were it not for the feminine culture cease to exist if she had not guards and station attendants. 1 ne shown herself capable to keep her Paris ‘~Metro1 rune, without a hitch, husband's office or shop open and his yet all its subordinate employes land tilled In his absence at the front, women. They are holding only the Even the Bank of France might have jobs left vacant by their husbands or
1915: FRANCE::~WOMEN OF  PLAY NOBLE PART
1915: would not adversely affect their fortunes or materially change the course of their lives, writes Earl Cromer in the London Spectator, There cannot be a greater error. It is no exaggeration to say that a complete German victory would exercise a profound effect on the political stat* us, the material wealth, the social condition and the surrounding moral atmosphere of every individual subject of King George V. A partial victory would produce changes in proportion to its extent. Let it not be “~With all its evils, the war has be- supposed for one moment that any stowed upon France two lasting bene- degree of statesmanlike generosity
1915: France::~acquired the knowledge that enabled piunged toward our several goals. As in  were to quit uork, Gen. of the wa •	f
1915: England:France:~A journey by Sir Robert Borden to  at this time was natural and proper. He wished to inspect Canadian troops whether in training camps or at the front, to cheer his wounded fellow countrymen, to discuss with the Imperial authorities the measures which all parts of the Empire should adopt in discharge of the common obligation. His presence in London was a sign to our friends and our enemies of the unanimity of the Empire. Still the most significant episode in his visit was the invitation to attend a meeting of the Cabinet. All the other functions he could have discharged and yet have made no advance beyond his predecessors in shaping the institutions of the Empire. Other episodes during his stay were certainly more dramatic, the meeting with the rulers of the Allies, the visit to the Canadian battery in , the great review of our soldiers at Shorncliffe. Yet no incident compared in importance with the gathering of a few civilians, unheralded, unattended, surrounded by no pomp or ceremony, to discuss around a table in Whitehall the common business of all the millions of their fellow-citizens. No colonial had ever before entered this Council Chamber.
1915: France::~as anyone else, a citizen of his world- or an aspiration. It remains for	Northern .	boiIs add two teaspoonfuls of cornwide state.	those of their fellow-citizens who are	starch rubbed smooth in a little
1915: France::~He was enjoying a privilege, not ex- the statesmen of the Empire will not	Bavarian	soldiers	in northern ,	spoonful	of butter	and
1915: France::~in 18.15 a man was struck by lightning near Vallerols, In , and stripped naked. All that could Le found afterward of his clothes was a «liirt sleeve, a few other shreds and some pieces of his hobnailed bouts, l'en minutes after ho was struck be re-(gained consciousness, opened his eyes, complained of the cold and Inquired bow he happened to be naked.
1915: France::~Gilderoy, for whom his audacious affront to the royal dignity soon made  impossible, returned to Scotland, betook himself to cattle lifting and highway robbery, and was finally betrayed by a confederate and hanged on a gallows so high that his swinging body was likened by those who saw the execution to a kite.
1915: Jenkins.	tbc.	doctor came running back", the	“A scarlet woman, sir- a play act-	site of a new “~strike." Likewise in	escape to France.	younger.than his actual age— forty-
1915: France::~Rheims holds the record of being the most heavily bombarded town in , having been bombarded on 288 occasions.
1915: France::~Some details of the mode of operations of the French aviators on the western front are given in a letter from a Hungarian aviator serving with the German armies in . “The French airmen," he writes, now fly usually in flocks or squads of considerable strength, both for reconnoitring purposes and for attacking our aviators who are on reconnaissance duty. Am the French possess a huge number of machines and block our way systematically we have had to follow their example. Some pitched battles between comparatively large fleets of aeroplanes are thus among the possibilities of the immediate future.
1915: France::~At 72 Fights for  the Second
1915: Men and women must do all things	^ne up ‘~he bowels, with s reliable	towered fully thirty feet to its top-	that with France first of all an agree-	gave women the opportunity of rein proportion They must be natural	moat bifurcation. There was no other	ment would be possible. We had	placing men of military age, it is also
1915: A wholesome, good comic song come ^ an ^hat use Dr. Hamilton’~s as I had anticipated, in a long, grace- horror of it all narrated to me now contemplate following the lead of very often helps a great deal in the pd|B Every man or woman with a ful curve, amid the plaudits of an ad- sworn facts about the behavior of the Bank of England, which, despite cure of our wounded soldiers—quite stomach ill is advised to spend 25c. miring throng, with a glance at Mugg French doctors, not only toward the ^s former prejudice against women, as much as a hymn.—~The Bishop of on a box of this wonderful vegetable and her approving smile, I bent that enemy, but toward their own purpose. ha8 been historically known as the London.	remedy.	obstinate sapling not more than three France is a doomed country. The
1915: France::~The main point revealed by Herr Fen drich is the declaration that the Kai ser is certain that  is doomed The writer in this connection says: “Nobody will suppose that the opin
1916: Germany:France:~"Many years ago the Kaiser declaimed Shot 's future lay on the water. Jt does, and a very black Academy of Agriculture of ," future it isl	and is in fact only a new form of the
1916: France::~Signs are plentiful that winter is close upon the troops in the North of . The nights are already cold, far too cold for comfort, and the characteristic winter-night mist from the marshes is in the air. The trees
1916: France:: and	Belgium. Everyone ex-	? r *tVw ““V°~ ,,rov,de roon| nearer the firing lines most of	the cement the alliance of France	and	world goes wrong	and aching headi
1916: mum ion : ^ (1 a worse position, phey Supply Munition Workers With But a* a substitute for the natural ada. The British soldier gets a shil- with successful results, as well as tion °f masculine clothes and man-•Ball we «~ay.	J^ood at Cost	liml> ll 7 a Jhmg. comparp<1 to ling per day. In France and Germany, pleasant ones for the boy.	ners. As long as a woman retains her
1916: word ‘~cancer always gives people For the remainder of the winter he who has a factory in France, has just The same day the King left for law by the Provincial Government her rests on a series of steel “fingers." such a shock; and of course it might	took no Continental engagements. The	returned to secure additional machin-	Verona, where he spent his five days	would constitute notable steps in the These fingers constitute the sinker,
1916: France::~received by the Minister of Militia from  stated that Captain Curry was picked off by a German shell on the night of October 20 almost at the very moment he entered the french on bis first opportunity to ? into the firing line. He was bur-1 led by his regiment the following • 1 moynns at AmenUeres, ________ . I
1916: France::~death will hasten? The wines of ton  are good wines, and his home ladies are at the hospital, among them in fertile Normandy was pleasant" being Lady Elizabeth Keppel.
1916: France::~the frock for June, October, February,	the great duty of her kind and laid an	?”	pointed behind her, and	Aspendaile
1916: or any other bride, is the veil. It is egg.	“~I would gladly die for France, gave a cry of delight as he saw d"
1916: of her colonies. Nothing is more scheme in the history of the world.”~ | Wounds inflicted In the present war certain than that after the war there This was the statement made in arft far more ser,OU8 than in any preIn France, Russia, and to some m ,	. ‘	r,"‘~	. Baron	accident in France, and nothing is
1916: in New Pomerania to act as admin-	home haxe made P‘~lP<*r nothing from France or Great Britain. It was asserted that tho trial of In
1916: France::~1 he chi< f event of the war this week the terri tie onslaught which the Ger tans have made against the great fort of Verdun in north-eastern , hieh had been long expected and prv-
1916: France::~jk er, we could cast the gift of a lovely of Roi-de-la-Somme, in , was *1**. I’d Just as lief be an officer and y j thought Into the heart of a friend, unexpectedly shelled by the Germans, carry a sword, that would be giving as the angels and a Canadian chaplain describes the must give—George Macdonald.	scene as he saw it. Life was going
1916: France::~t" -lend the hot water was drunk in preference to ire xxa* zold by the small minority who used water for drinking purposes. Cham* pier, writing in 1500, notes that the jabit of drinking hot water was spreading among all classes in .
1916: Delectable Recipe.—Here is	an	old	present.—~Whittier.	would crush Britain and	France to	her, and which I	will conquer for her,
1916: France::~Britain and  Crushed and lI S.
1916: ten minute AM juice ami grate,! V\ e read that King George has «~P- command. Almighty God has always over Great Britain and France, as it1 taff*ts- A,lde ff°m ^mg especially
1916: France:England:~ and  fought for a Patch of high grass in which the pancentury, (1337 to 1437), while bhe ther was said to be. Presently, as Hussite war lasted nearly 30 years, we swished through it, my animal and the French civil war, provoked by paused and began to sniff with her the edict of Nantes, continued for a trunk. Peering down into the gross, long time. It required over 40 years I saw » email patch of spotted fur. to free the Netherlands from Spanish It looked like the forefoot of a panrule. The 30 Years’~ War secured re- ther. I took quick aim and fired im-ligious freedom for Germany.	mediately behind it in order to hit
1916: visible by the shadow thrown by X- he decided to try Dodd’~s Kidney Pills. Work will be begun immediately on cent.; and France, 1.3 per cent, rays. In the second place, the bullet Si* boxes of them made him like a the construction of a plant for must be removed with the least pos- new man.	¦ treatment of complex ores in Nelson,
1916: France::~Mrs. 11. V. Anderson, has received the following letters from , in reference to the death of her late husband, who was killed in action on April 22nd
1916: France::~at the front in , and six iv)(|«e meet!no-others, with the 77th, 186, 154th1	^ meeting.
1916: France::~morbid feeling possible. For months	lighting as a volunteer for  in
1916: France::~to be eaten are those made In 	story/99	a* his horse. If be needed a tent be
1916: France::~French side of the Narrows, even though they evacuated all the rest of Belgium and , and hold it as one of the keys to the outer world.
1916: Canada:France:~Great Britain forbids treating, and limits the hours of sale in certain areas. Conviction* for drunkenness in these areas fell off \'l per cent, in England and Wales, and 30 per cent, in Great Britain as a whole in the four week* after the order was established. Australian colonies have limited the hours of sale.  in the near future will be largely under provincial prohibition.  coniferous * prohibits the sale of abainthe, limits
1916: France::~cible and well worthy of such an ally It sounded hollow, but the obliging as .	hausfrau opened up the boards, and
1916: France::~What They Must Undergo to Become Proficient in .
1916: France::~A factory in  drives turbines snmi’> ** similar to the one in which with water from a reservoir on a -"ost‘s and Aaron confronted the mountain 600 feet above it	Pharaoh demanding that the people
1916: France::~the next draft the 72nd send to  We are up every morning at 5.30 and g« to l*‘d at 9.3'». We drill all day Sun day as well a* every day in the week Every Sunday morning we have to g< to church, and then start to drill.
1916: FRANCE::~harm In Pitting down. He	% his Inert form, looked reverently at the even ground to disappear again; "SOMEWHERE IN  *• or maybe it was a short letter that he %oes to a large room when the bag-
1916: France::~Great War Chiefs of Britain and  Who Planned Drives of Allied Armies on Western Front
1916: J KI T to right: ArtUtidn Briand. French Premier; General Joffre, General de f‘astlenau, Chief of the French General Staff; Lloyd George. Great Britain'»~ Minister of War; M. Thomas, French Minister of Munitions; and General Roques, French Minister of War. This gathering of the greatest of France's War Chief» and Lloyd George. Britain's Minister of War, is one of the most notable conferences that have taken place since the beginning of the great war.
1916: England:France:~and silly subterfuges.	In many parts of	,	 and	cance from the opportunity he pos-	T*8*"*, draias	as disqualifying him	the mountain trails	which radiate
1916: France::~and subsequently reading a letter tion.  was organized. The ( I ). ravonng tl»e forming <»t an A| age du l-ort on Tuesday^ from that gentlemen, which cm- doctor told of what he saw on * sociatmo of School l unmioaioner* a bodied the views he would have visit to the whole western battle ‘ might lie found ad finable by t lie lb expressed had he been present. front of 200 miles during the past |**rtmcnt of Education ;
1916: France::~right leg amputated in , and	' not possibly do harm-being guar-	^	",',5tanJl	,-5
1916: Canada:France:~In the death at the front of Major Gordon Southern,  has lost one of her most versatile and widely known athletes. Major Southam was serving with the 40th Battery In  when he gave hie life for his country.
1916: France::~minted green pepper and one-quarter E	.	. week full feed. These are important points , he conceived the queer idea
1917: France:France:~It would be well for js Canadians if we learned something from the seriousness of Frenchmen. It never was true that  was a land of gayety and thoughtlessness more than others, but now what frivolity did exist has been suppressed. The spirit of  is keyed to u very high pitch in the presence of the national danger. The people’s firm resolve is that there shall be no waste of material resources nor any slackening of moral fibre. No autocratic mandate la necessary to impose upon a free people new taxes or strict regulations for the conservation of physical and moral strength.
1917: A thin, sharp-featured spinster, belonging* in	^	^	‘"l" w‘	^ter “~ 1!*	be tttkpn over by Mr. Hodge as the land between France and Germany, military statistics, the British airmen
1917: -luesting an interview. He was »c Alice, please forget it Lc»2 t .2' “~"1	to France ten thou- to the wer ând lts cauees-<,n th« out ere, profit-mongers, ghouls, vultures ual bread of Denmark,>as been mixed
1917: to mothers who have lost then sons in battle -‘~Somewhere in France'—anil it i- expected that these crosses will -hortly be -truck off and distributed.
1917: England:France:~unfailing flow of food to  to low vitality in the seed stock. ! Board Is opening Branch pension eagerly on the occasions of his and . No matter what Such reversion in yield may hare 'office* in Vancouver. Calgary, Kd- visits to this office, which of late difficulties may face us the been due to disease, or adverse i mon ton, Regina, Winnipeg, Lon have been less frequent than for supreme duty of every man on the soil or climate conditions which don, Hamilton, Toronto, Barrie., inrrly.
1917: France::~tails in letter later. Pte. Brooke was one of the first Canadian dlvl lion, going to  early in 1915 He was captured at Langemarck. He was first at Celsaen Prison camp, then at Celly, and later at Saltau, where the alleged mutiny took place. His father is the late C. J. Brooke, K.C.	Apparently stricter regula-
1917: France::~ing water,	half	a	yeast	cake.	Let ' <>rn. ,brea<l	Wlth rai*ins in li	is an	The method is being applied in many	chine gun in , is really a mis-	expert says, nothing is gained by ex-	¦	- ¦
1917: France::~cakes if it ia soaked soft in milk and	minded by .	msxim the ileal inventor.	___ of office in the country. It contains
1917: Italy:Germany:~tain. France,  , Austria,	ui«ht- Tlu‘-V highly of
1917: France::~Some of the wonders of physical reconstruction that are being achieved in the treatment of disabled soldiers in  art described by Captain Sir Henry Ne t man, M.P., L special report to the Secretary for War for Great Britain^ Particularly successful is the work of Prof es-Jules Anar, to whom, as he goes down the street r« ar his hospital In Paris, the women smile •That's the man til band his arm bark.” 1L
1917: “~ France, Feb. 25, 1017.
1917: France::~In loving remembrance of Pte. Lobe* Hois;ink, who was killed in action on February 22nd, 1917, u somewhere in .
1917: France::~NE of the prominent Canadian University men who accompanied the first army from the Dominion to the tranches in  was William Boyd, Professor of Pathology in the University of Manitoba. He has recently published a book giving his impression of the front, and it is one that should prove interesting because of its intimate personal touch.
1917: France::~The principal place of business of the mly in , but In the neutral corporation, will be at Ville Marie, dim-ountrlee. Countries much a# Nor- tr^.t ^ pontiac
1917: her handsome, laughing Ted—~was ly- She sent a telegram to the farm- administration of the law. ing somewhere	in France,	and	the	house, and was waiting to receive the	! The act prohibits the throwing away
1917: freight. Another drawback to the	service.	boy should he “~kept nice." She was	France, where he was wounded	in1	useless buttons a year; and average
1917: France::~every few minutes, and with great	tions in , with its enornfbus re-	You oorn-peetered men and women	forever abandoned; while the	soil	L*
1917: France::~Among the etchers are Lieut. Cyril H. Barraud, who crossed to  with the 43rd Battalion of Winnipeg; W. J. Chester, formerly u teacher in the Toronto Technical
1917: Canada::~Two of 's best known painters have been wounded. One of hem, Pte. A. Y. Jackson, is looked jpon by many as the most consptc-lous ligure among our younger art-sts. Pte. Jackson came originally ’~rom Montreal, but after studying In ihe Julian Academy of Paris he set-led down in Toronto. He quickly received recognition as a painter with plenty of ideas and marked iriginality. He showed himself to >e unconventional in his work with->ut running to extremes hat he found himself classed among .he progreaisve young painters without running foul of the critics who fear that the radicals are on the point of becoming eccentrics. It was typical of this clever young artist that he should have enlisted early In the war as a private in the 60th Battalion. raised in his native city of Montreal. He crossed to France sarly last year and was wounded in the spring push. Pte. Jackson did not put aside his brushes entirely when he enlisted, as the painting of "Mills at Leeds
1917: France::~Poultry	Disease	Investigator [Q time it was enlarged to Include	I interesting work in  is Pte. J
1917: ment took part, but later on the "revue," as they called it, reached the stage, with such success that the Colonel suggested-that It should become a regular feature of the army iian artist who did belong for a I life. Pte. McLaren organized the short time to the United Arts Corps, Princes Patricia’~s Canadian Light )f London, England. For three years * Infantry Comedy Company with the irlor to the outbreak of the war Mr. assistance of Mr. Percy Ham, son of Jrahara had been living In Antwerp, Dr. Albert Ham. as business man saturating himself with the splendid ager. With a company of clever lads, radltion of Belgian art. During that including several professional actors, •~ime he kept in close touch with bis pte McLaren has staged plays, native land, and frequently showed sketches, skits, and entertaining iis pictures In our exhibitions. In fragments that we would look for In July, 1914, Mr. Graham bad the re- winter garden shows or similar consult of four years of study and hard glomerations of vaudeville. He has work In his studio In Antwerp. Like an orchestra of 22 men, so that there >tber people of peaceful Belgium, be i# plenty of music for his reviews, lid not realize the meaning of the Some of the other painters In Jerman avalanche until it was too khaki are R. S. Hewton of Lacbine, ate to save any of fils pictures. When Que., who has a picture In the Na-'orced to escape with the other men tional Gallery; Sergt Charles Mall who did not want to fall into the | lard, of Montreal, whose paintings, bands of the Teutons, he left many "Poilu" and "Notre Dame de Parts" toe paintings behind him. Mr. Ora- are In the Canadian Royal Academy aam immediately enlisted with the ibis year; Lieut. W. O. Storm, of United Arts Corps and remained with Weston. Ont., who went to the front ;hem until he returned to Canada in the Imperial Army, and who has ast March. Three weeks after land- received the Military Cross; and mg in the Dominion he Joined the Captain Louis Keene of Montreal, Artillery and Is now in England with who has been to the front in France.
1917: smiled, it was a sad smile, and	a	Travers by any lady of the name of	But certain	it is that when Mr. Jerry	pansi0n—~I trust not neglecting	the	France and	Britain. Belgium and Italy	work „f a most specialized kind	The
1917: country roads, happy as a lark, when	dence.	“mushy." “~Charles, as if your being France.	what cock-fighting is to the Filipino	department, the agricultural depart-
1917: France::~met his death in  on May	covered on the same day the aeci-	one	nnswer till	you have seen my
1917: France::~while he returned to the presence of  than remain and be open to parlor cars, restaurant cars and ob- obta,n*<le————| the king.	final exposure.	servatlon cars are being discontinued. , I I .
1917: Italy:Holland:~effect in Great Britain, France, Germany, Austria, , , Den-
1917: “~I say, you people there, is that a the smal]er children, when the head- ive a total saving of $6,000,000 for France in order to reach a favorable star, or a Zepp?” The question comes master> puHhing me into the class- gas and electricity.	starting	point,” Gallois said. “We
1917: Mr. Watt ni thegueet of M». l)ind „~ Ju|y lhould hare on the way ta Letts during the ismt week. He needs France over 400,000 men. In tws to watch that he doesn't get poisoned. 4n<i s half years It should raise Home of the Huntsven fair sex have ^ta of Mrs. Jam Otmm
1917: England:France:~hospital in , having been wounded in .- Com
1917: England::~From , an wel. as froiq this continent, come report# of dairy I me<,ting of “~The International Con-herds being reduced. When other France °f Women Workers,” in which men are going out of a staple linehhese lines occur: is usually a good time for wise men “() mothers, will you longer give your to stay in it.	»ons
1917: France::~I vlcpliyiu* ( unpany, Limited, who have from  as follows concerning
1917: next for the express purpose of Lance-Corp. John X. Landry, in during the recent hard fighting at Position» open hr Experienced workers dealing with those rolls; and if St. Paul’s uliurch on Sunday even- ! Lem. The young soldier had just in Card, Spinning and Weave depart they are not all in (and the chances inç~. The sacred edifice was appro | returned to France from having ment». Entire families can \x are some of them may not be) what prmtely decorated for the solemn «pent his first and hard earned ployed ; will arrange transportation if then? Will the Board le on e f, and the service was of a leave of absence which ho e yed neeeem	*>d wage* paid all bagin-
1917: France::~* To counterbalance this, there are a	plant-food.	extra f he	puUed lhe dr'ega from	the top flattened to permit of	the	after was *ent to . There she	eaten	will	be	worked	over,	going	into
1917: Xddrcsscs were made at the evening the head with slung shots, and stab- | flr9l winler 0f the war. Crossing to bv livv. W. T.U. Brown of bin’~ her with stolen knives. .	.	.	France wilh the 6th Field Arnbul-
1917: •«~If the fellow who comes around Major Owen, who baa been serving jn eACh of three years, after a German bullet has laid one ot as a chaplain In, France for the past jn cert*in districts a homesteader may our brave lads low and a memorial two years, received some posthumous	an adjoining quarter section as
1917: France::~(iroup* of Actors and Singers Cheer Wearied Fighters In .
1917: France::~months later the formal recruiting of I	!"	*’lll°w clump as usual and threw P digJfers> unskilled helpers in factories, goldier audience for tracking mud
1917: France::~culture for , which shows a total Elgin street, when their second
1917: hind the fighting lines. There is a large opening over a peach-colored dé~finit among all the cereals with the blouse, with hat and boots to exception of barley. Despite very great match and she wore the gift of the efforts to mai|tein production, the na groom, a handsome diamond and live wheat supply of France istne |»oor» pearl pendant. Miss Mamie Me-est on record* for the last fifty years, Lean, sister of the bride, and Mr. amounting to only 30,482,160 quintals Carl F. Burgess of Renfrew, acted (1 quintal «220.46 lbs.), as compared as witnesses. The grxxmi 8 gift to
1917: France:England:~. The names painted on its route contain those that will wring the hearts of Frenchmen for ever, villages and towns that  will remember for centuries.
1917: France::~The women at home who see them sened. When the war is finished hun- as the English say. And in that dark ever, even though she has become va need the British lines a considerable cd the flag It was the end. Every-off, who give them that last look and dreds of English women who before hour, when every man has laid aside again a busy mart of industry and distance. With the opening of the where as she returned she heard the embrace, only guess at the silent bat-1 were buxom beauties of the country-' the hope of all that life holds dear, trade. She is in this respect but one new campaign this fall he had push- welcome shout, "Victory! Victory!" tie their man fights before he sends side will be caricatures of what they the Y.M.C.A. is watching with him among many. Yet her history remains ed up the Tigris more than 100 miles It was the end also of Jeanne Hach-off that card in . It Is the last once were—but they will have sacri- and doing what it can.	among the wonder stories. The Vene- beyond Bagdad, his operations being ette. History knows her no more; nor
1917: France::~Moved. by Com,. Horner that the fob Bfter occurred in  -Editor lowing bills be paid : —	Foi itv
1917: France::~To most of the young soldiers who are fighting in  war has no illusions, but they are none the less determined to see it through. One who is an assistant the American
1917: or two, either to be patched up for fur- out of order—to become tbin and The Germans have lately been try-'whole quarter pint of the most re ther use or to expire under the kindly watery and to lead to a general ing to make out a case for the reten- markable lemon skin beautifler at benediction of their Mother Church, breakdown in health. This can be tion of the stolen provinces, Alsace about the cost one must pay for a And through it all there goes that avoided by the occasional use of Dr. and Lorraine, on the ground that they small jar of the ordinary cold creams grim set jaw and fighting determine- Williams Pink Pills, which are suit- are pro-German. But there never was Care should be taken”~ to strain the tion which meant for France the su- able for the most delicate oonetltu- j a worse case in the history of man. lemon juice through a fine cloth so perb victories of the Marne and Ver-	Hon. These pills will give you a new	For forty years and more the Ger- bo lemon pulp gets in, thefi	this lotion
1918: England:France:~discharged in disgrace. R^ fewjollow- wfre	fork spoon ;azor shav I Fire losses in Canada are chiefly officials in  and .	and his image had become so old as
1918: "It’~s the same over In France. If the English troops get a job to do. they just turn up the cuffs of their tunics, screw on their tin helmets a bit, and walk Into It, sucking their teeth. They never seem to get hotted up like us. We Canadians and the Australians always seem to know when we’re in on a big scene, but the English troops pPev the same way all the time. You can put them Into the most awful hole, give them the most heart breaking job, and they just do the business In that same reflective sort of way, never realizing that they're doing anything out of the day’s work. They're like nothing so much as a lot of terriers and bulldogs—terriers for quickness and bull dogs for grit and patience.
1918: "That’s the wonderful thing about the home troops; they've got the unbreakable limit for patience. I always like to see them clearing a Boche trench. They Just go along It and clean out every funk-hole quiet and business-like. If they’ve got to hold a bit of line against Boche counter-attacks, they’ll hang on, by the skin of their teeth. There Isn’t a quitter In the whole mob. Then look at the length of the line they hold—why, the little bit that the overseas troops holds Is only the tiniest little fraction of it. If you ask me, I say that the what you call 'English line regiemnts’~ are the backbone of the army, and its ribs, too. You can go where you like, France, Mesopotamia, Palestine, Egypt, Africa, Macedonia, and you’ll find that the English are there doing the main part of the business In the same quiet, reflective kind of a way. No fuss; just quiet, patient work.
1918: France::~Relatives of Wounded, Summoned , Are Honored Guests ,	of the Association.
1918: France::~which I visited when I was in .	!TipT	,ou	(J be spent Jn em'-or- nors	ja rap|c|]y depleting available supplie* jswath suffer	or are blown	down; hut	should hi* mixed	with orchard white
1918: ter how long their stay may be. And llir! !L °~\L*uh % 'mmh France and Italy are in the fighting Wind resistance of the whole trees and complexion lotion at about the mlnat/y%Lr%t^e'L' ha‘f' an<’ ®'U if their man dies, they are not left	.	.	,	, line, and, obviously, cannot he food has also something to do with the cost one usually pays for a small jar shv#- youi mon. y. an«i buy government
1918: France:Italy:~? ir L	dom, Belgium,  and  this It may be commonly noticed that in Any druggist will supply three
1918: usa::We walked back when the service was over to the Y.M.C.A. That walk is a place of pilgrimage, where thonds of men and women will come after the war to pay tribute to the last resting place of their dead. “~Somewhere in France,” with brilliant-colored flowers over them. A joyous little garden nods over each man’s grave.
1918: France::~bedding and spare parts were left be-1 Whether or not this decline is due to j Dominion Express Foreign Cheques hind. The pilot and a passenger shortage of labor, it is a serious fall- are accepted by Field Cashiers and (Squadron-Commander K. S. Savory mg off in time of war. If men are Paymasters in  for their full and Flight-Lieut. H. McClelland) sat not available, the labor problem can ?aCe value There is no better way in front, and the engineer (Engineer- be met by a much larger use of women ; t0 send money to the boys In the Lieut. T. Rawlings) was free to walk ! on the farms, as well as by the use of trenches.
1918: France::~would take months and in the re '(1>l,ie. vvr>* substantial < licmu construction period the re-stock showing the high esteem m " hi i ing of f irms in Belgium, , t lie young couple a rc held.
1918: Owing to lack of fertilisers, so A Captain Cockburn s unique and necessary for the intensive sy«~- unpleasant experience has Just reach-terns of farming in the older lands, fd relatives. Captain Cockburn with and to the consequent imixiver- 1 numb*r of other officers had gone ishment of the soils especially of ? ,/>ok lan<1 adjacent to Beer-France and Italy, next year's ,^%T"ey y re conducted by Cap-
1918: France::~at their slow gait of three miles an "^Ased so considerably by selective pound, enclosed with barbed wire to a "Since you worked your examples Brave dog, you share the fighting risk . hour their low height	and protective	breeding of the vegetables that now-	height of about eight feet, with raised 80 nicely," said the pretty teacher, "1 On fields of  afar,
1918: England:France:~Dodd's Kidney Pill** Did I in  and , stated recent, HI	ly that if yields of 30,000 to 46,000
1918: France::~hoard feet per acre were frequent in , ns him own investigations had III	shown, there seemed no reason why
1918: “Now that everything's finished,	Egmont. PEI., Jan. 28th—~ to those of France. One plot, meas-
1918: However it wasn’t such a “~dus*y sandbags full o' France, w en I up an',	mirror. They were usually provided	to attend to the execution of the	ver. Approximately 200 beds are to	you have seven?”
1918: France::~times play hob with brake band. ; He found the hole and stuck the When we asked the brakemnn about over In .
1918: France::~in , and he says:
1918: “~I spent many days in the trenches, the rest camps, the hospitals and in the surrounding towns, and the most definite impression I carried away was concerning the spiritual atmosphere which surrounds the French and English soldiers in France. I talked with some of the jnen for hours at a time about their experiences in battle, about their thoughts of home, about their feeling toward the enemy, but the one thing I came away with, above all other impressions, was the conviction that all of these men, no matter what manner of lives they had live 1 before, now possess a calm, clear conviction that if they fall in the thick of the fight, they will pass into th^ life beyond.
1918: France::~reported to have been seriously A LITTLE FRENCH HEART. wounded in , having received a
1918: France::~a pound. Just now enormous num-When they were trying to decide bers of refugees are arriving from the upon a vignette for the cover of the North of , in a state of exhaus-Overland a grizzly was chosen, and tion of which you can truly form no
1918: France::~The supreme command of all the Mlied forces in  has been placed the hands of General Foch, the dis-gushed French military strategist.
1918: England:France:~fN>m , and from those in a position to .-peak with authority it was learned that the Kilties will be in the full tide of the fighting in  by the early part of May.
1918: France::~with headquarters here in Shaw-1  against the enemy, return-	COLE—Havlin.	! STRAY COLLI E-Strayed on to Lot
1918: those birds, and use the compass in We should never have imagined that	gadier»~ accompanied by his brigade-	way tbey flock together into so-called	of temperature by going higher in	;n France in April, 1917. He brought
1918: When the blessed day of r < n ,•~ nr-	___ ported to have been busy in France)	ran back into safety. But the little	worthless) *>l4 tons of seeds	and	732	two narrow escapes. On the very first
1918: England:France:~You are only playing at food saving yet. In  and  they are “doing" it
1918: Germany:Russia:~I The Ukraine, which is reported to I lave concluded a separate peace with . is a territory of some 850,-)00 square kilometres, one-sixth of 's area, and of this total over half—53 rer cent., to be exact—is •~armed, the highest European cultivation average, with :be sole exception of France, which has 56 per ?ent. of tier area under crop.
1918: France::~A Canadian flag, to be hung In the Hotel de Ville of Verdun, , ilong with the standards of all the üllee, i» being presented by the Association of French War Veterans In Montreal known as Les Sac au Doe, ind will be forwarded to the Mayor >f Verdun through the medium of the Montreal Gazette
1918: France::~lines in , 7,000 in Salonica, Pal
1918: France::~in contact with the boat forward, | ance, and of refusing to acknowledge . urren< er ls 11 v^nrd as foreign to. ^ the war ends this year  die!	tank camp and a squadron, including
1918: the lower conning-tower hatch, and worked on for nearly two hours, keep. 1 has nev/I d.oubtfd . Sh® was just lieve the reports which one time get a pressure in the boat, but the ^g his head to the last; and at the c?"fld.ent when the Hun was were prevalent—~that France was
1918: tower in the hope of escape. I put on he succeeded, and escaped.”~	of his own men and soldiers of France ta the point of gurrender. France is
1918: I reached it water began to come bro4°”?' x .	‘~lun*, 1 havc se,en ,German Prisoners France and you would not see a single Face thou the foe with all thy fight- It deveiope(i that this ridge was held
1918: France::~Process Used in  to Change Wheat Directly Into Dough.
1918: France::~In  bread has been made without flour in a machine that transforms the wheat directly into dough. This machine has a large |	screw turning loosely a
1918: France::~"Men who. serving  in the ' inner surface of which is a screw exuberance and joy of youth; men who believe in human equality; men who vision idealism and justice and strive to bring it about; men who now rest in the grave—we salute you!
1918: France::~our	,	your	very	all.	your	life	ing	bnly the pulverized wheat at the	Lucca	by one of the	octroi guards
1918: % »~*## * resource l deeded to,	*lity I. only 40 per oent. In the eec	to help France. France needed them.	^ F ^ th*	^	creatures. He has supplied you with	and	there rained	a ghastly dew
1918: France::~, *oti :|Dated chlorine erne	tlon has elated for	some	time, there	of  there was an ouh^tra	necessary for your appointed leW. pling in the central	blue;
1918: excessive pressure on the bulkheads, story wherein the chief figure was a The heat at this time was excessive, young subaltern of his own national- »~ rades in the name of France in the and therefore I rested a while, and ity. The latter was one day on guard name of Christ. Amen!" considered the best means of flooding with another officer at Gibraltar, the engine-room.”
1918: France::~Stand fast in all thy glory on the bloodstained fields of ,
1918: cavalry regiments changed into light I The extraordinary number of Ger-and heavy artillery, because of their : man “~agents" and spies who are still incompetence in trench warfare, the ; working for the Fatherland in Eng-recent successes of cavalry commands land, France, Spain, the Scandinavian attached to General Haig’s army in countries and America forms the subchecking the German offensive em- ject of an illuminating article in a re-phasizes the farther need of the cent issue of the Berlin Tageblatt mounted organizations in this and Herr Theodor Wolff has apparently future wars.
1918: France::~Captain \\ ill lam Nelson Graham, %% ith full military honors, and was y son of the Hon. George 1. attended by an immense concourse 1 Mrs. Graham, has succumbed of people, to wounds received in .
1918: France::~O April Moon, hast thou looked down Upon the fields of ?
1918: France:France:~Above the fields of  Oh, I am tranquil and sersn These are the visions I have seen Above the fields of .”
1918: France::~one receptacle to another. It Sal her who remains alive returned tc essential to condition products be-  without health and without fore storing them.	îpirits.	Longfellow’s	poem	on thii
1918: United States:France:~_ storing, then store in jars, tins stalment plan by monthly deductions , a Patrle Baye; "The former Sec-boxes, etc., and keep in a dry from pay. Some cheques came from .etary of gtate for the  % place.	 drawn on, slips of papers.	wanted to discuss prohibition In
1918: France::~LugM ' Avenge the wroo# of glorious , placing them in the water bath
1918: France::~In contrast with the anxiety or engage in farm work, hot were sent Now that the little kingdom of willingness of the German soldier to to coal mines, salt mines and muni- Bohemia is much in the public eye as fall captive to the Allies, so often tion factories. I refused to work in a % country likely to rise in revolt manifested, is the declaration of Gas- munitions factory and was tied to a against her hated Austrian oppres-ton Julian Defoirdt, of Rhode Island, ' post for three hours. One group of wrs, a short account of this interest-that he would much rather die fight- prisoners, who persistently refused to ^ng nation will be in order, ing on the front line than to go work were told that they would be Bohemia is an Austro-Hungary through such pains and miseries as he j shot and were placed under a special province with the title of kingdom, endured in two years spent in a Ger- guard. At the end of eleven days, It is a beautiful and rich country shut man prison camp. Defoirdt, who ia during which they momentarily ex- hX hlKh mountains, and with the twenty-four and well educated, was pec ted to he executed, they were told Moldau, running through it. It ia visiting in  when the war came that their lives would be spared.	; surrounded by Bavaria, Saxony, Sil-
1918: Tm°>"buïgl.rjr a ™~ FRANCE'S LIVESTOCK LOSS.	teTJ111 Torts 'of m.uîs leased I might forget Ihe pa,t	next ^ the
1918: France::~"Well, well!" said Grandpa Sloan jQr j08R ^ue t0 Invasion, of the in the German prison camp conditions recovered in a few weeks; as it was, rich in coal is the country and the when he opened the door. What s j ten departments of Northern  were rather worse than better. There after years of neglect, dirt, semi- mines are the most productive in Aus-Aren’t you going to sleep 1,1 there reiffans a diminution of 1,600,000 were about twenty-flve thousand men starvation and hard work, I was in tro-Hungary.
1918: France::~The Czechoslovak army is on the forego their usual vacation, well earn- rations were stolen or taken from him Why not convert as large a pro- s considerable height, the houses be-firing line with the Allies in  ed though it be, to aid in the saving by force and he complained to the portion as possible into potato flour? ing built from the river to lofty emin-to-day.	of the crop.	guard the answer would be:—’Why, ! potato flour mills require but a few ences. The palace of the Bohemian
1918: United States:France:~stationed in that part of Russia. This from  to  to applied. Some have tried to read into conscientious objection to lending cording to Mr. Meeker, an American Elbe
1918: FRANCE::~MEN TRAINED QUICKLY AND RUSHED TO .
1918: France::~It is impossible to resist disease suc-farmera have ridden to independence.' ceasfully when the mouth contains inFor the sweet com there is a good numerable colonies of disease germs, market at canning factories, often decayed teeth, suppurating gums, de-sold to on contract. The cornstalks composing food, together with ade-are put through cutters and stored in noida and enlarged tonsils, silos. Other parts of the farm pro- poor teeth are said to have em-duce hay for the dairy herd, which in phasized the pain and distress of many turn furnishes year-round employment of the soldiers in the trenches in Bel/TL _	/fii/AA/m ah/ and year-round income, besides contri- gium and , and they have suffer-
1918: FRANCE::~IN .
1918: FRANCE::~HAS GROWN UP AT NEW BATTLE FROiy IN .
1918: usa:France:~German submarine? scored heavily again lust Wednesday when they sank one of the largest liners nfloat the Justifia, which was used as a transport, and was returning to America after delivering eight or ten thond V. S. Soldiers in . No lives were lot, it is reported.
1918: prove it. She didnt work after by using preparations to loosen the eij y,is evening paper but he was inK tu them both. “~What would you glave whG impersonates me on those of Medicine a new test, those already | noons! And she had a husband and dirt and save rubbing. Paraffin will not a3 happy as he had been.	i say if I left for France to-morrow (>vvasions lf he receives a gift, he known having proved Insufficient. The
1918: “~To begin with. I have a schedule, body help. I figured it out that an od girls will be nvisances-so are un age brought the unit finally to France you think I nm going to be such a
1918: France::~silver and cupboards; Thursday, iron;	tired out, and all have a little time to	capable in their	line as Dr. Bacon	Marjorie had reached , he had	*n a second	he	had disappeared in
1918: ' interesting reactions upon the Orient-“First thing you know she’~ll be ' aj mind. One story that Sir William simple	sponge cake once	a	week and	is surely as necessary to feed your	wanting to go to France,’’ remarked	whittall tells in Turkish Stories and
1918: France::~Cables received from  by the
1918: France::~An Interesting letter has been received by Mrs. H. J. Johnson, of Toronto, from her husband, Lance-Corporal H. J. Johnson, now with a machine gun section of the 102nd Battalion In  llliil||||lillllll|l|||l|||lll|||| In German and Is one of many, which were dropped from allied airplanes while flying over the German lines. The idea is said to have been conceived by Lord Northcllffe, and is designed to give the Huns a true Insight into conditions as they actually exist.	i
1918: France::~One difficulty that our soldiers In  have in learning to speak French like the natives is that colloquial French has so many humorous or slang synonyms for the perfectly good words that might be used, says the Outlook. A French-English
1918: France::~August 3. 1692.	| of coronation of the kings of .
1918: France::~Belgium and Northern  For Nearly Ten Centuries Battleground of Europe.
1918: Catalaunlan Fields.—~A plain near Claons-sur-Marne, France, famous for the victory of Aetius and the Gothic King Theodoric over Attila and his Huns—451 A. D.
1918: Landrecles, Department of the Nord —~Taken from the French by Charles V. in 1543. It passed from Spain to ! France and back several times and was besieged and taken by the Allies In 1794 and by the Prussians In 1815.
1918: France::~I Fte Craig enlisted at the same time as Miles Daley, of North Clarendon, the boys trained together and fought together in . Strange to say, Daley was wounded just four hours before Craig received his.
1918: Do not let your money remain Idle. Bona fide stock»~ to-day and with victory now In eight In France prices are
1918: France::~colonel orders of the most outrageous ed. For four years they have been	Which country	of , Great Brl	#495^	Ladies’ Coat.	In	7	sizes, 34	to
1918: France::~imbed. To make the guards more	release of these wholly innocent war	during this period.  comes next, j	-
1918: France::~12.	His strength shall be hunger- . Will sell $2.ooo. Worth double
1918: Germany:France:~Assuming 's financial bur den to be 100,  has to bear 138 and Great Britain 174.
1918: France::~directed to the value as a food of National Debt, it would take  ! Sore cor°8, hard corns, soft corns or carrageen or Irish Moss, and it has the longest time to pay it off. She any k,nd of 14 C(,, n ( an s lort > J 1
1918: France::~per cent, of mucilaginous matter, 10	mile*	of territory In . Belgium. ;	Ont., in	bulletin No. 37, second ser-
1918: France::~various 's income, $6,000,000.000.
1918: man who was killed on the C. P. R. from said dealers for such work.	“~ France, August 2.% 1018.
1918: ¥||	¦~	f Adolf Gohr, the young German %% right, Alberta ; Mrs. Fred returned from France, all of whom
1918: France::~In your hearts do you feel	you	John Bohn,	in September, near	Shawville	and Hiram	of Ver-1	, and Hen at Minoki. Ont.
1918: France::~President Wilson is going to  to take jiart in the Peace Conference which is to open in a few days, cent despatch says that while in Europe, the German authorities will invite him to make a tour of their country invitation may not be accepted, as the President plans to tie back home again in six weeks.
1918: France::~of undercarriage of plane being brok- flr8t tr|p from B0gt0u to Halifax and I regiments at a base port In , en. injuries repairable, by the squad- yearg jater *he was taken over by i saw an officer approaching him while
1918: France::~1 stood one night on a certain hill that commands the firing line In an almost soundless panorama, me was an officer of the Second Canadian division, who had Just come out There that night by Its white trail of Iridescent light we could trace the course of the firing line for many miles through  and Flanders. .
1918: France::~The dally papers that I see all cry In tones of wonder, the praise of oar fine lade In  who face the German thunder; and not a single day goes by but some kind friend will ball me, and with a two-inch line of type with gestures will assail me. "My friend,” he cries, “the Yanks are there 1 And that big boob, the kalaes, will all too soon their anger feel, and ¦adder be and wiser 1 'Twas only yesterday they took a mile or two of trenches; and soon In Berlin's parks they’ll be, a-slttlng on the benches !” Now, I don’t grudge that praise a bit—~ I like to hear them boasted ; I like to hear our boys in France get cheered and sung and toasted ; I wish that I were over there and scratching at the vermin, and now and then from time to time Td pot a husky German. I would that I might lie and snooze among the mud and thistles, and eat cold chow and hardtack moist where shrapnel screams and whistles, since I can’t be over there among my friends and neighbors I'll call respectful notice to my own emphatic labors, f do not heave a two-pound bomb the German border; Instead I
1918: France::~nor sport a hero's medal ; Instead I grade ten million logs and work the hot-air pedal. I do not help to crush the Hun with bayonet emphatic; but I explain the why and when of fields electrostatic. I can't at present strafe the Boche with shell and sword and fire, so Fro content to teach a class the ways of braided wire ; and though [ pause to envy those who share the fun heroic, I force myself to lesser tasks with an expression stoic. I do aot much enjoy the Job while I am wading through It, but. good or bad, the Job le here and someone has to do It I Although I sit In peaceful ease, enjoying things delightful, I long for FJanders' mud and fleas and other tortures frightful. So while the papers cheer for those who fight beyond the ocean, I Join with them my heart and voice and register emotion, that I could be In  to battle for our nation; but meanwhile how ¦~bout a bit of home appreciation? So [ Just mount a near-by chair, where those about can view It, and give three lusty cheers, since no one else will do It! At least if I must stay at home my courage Is consistent; I'd rather be In France than here, a Theory Assistant !•	t
1918: France::~Instances of German mistreatment of the civil population of villages in  which were taken by the Bri-tiah-Amerlcan armies are numerous, but perhapn none shows the cold and calculated heartlessness of the Hun more than the following story, which was related to the correspondent by one of the inhabitants of the little town of St. Souplet, near St. Quentin.
1918: Aug. 8.—~British trogpi land in France and Belgium.
1918: France::~Marshal of .
1919: France::~flung battleline of eastern	,	—	Bry homes, which a month ago were t which brought about the fact that
1919: France::~sunny jonquil* of . They could	HO glaciated and weak that they	At lkst tlme the enemy was still oc-	sumption encourages the fishery by	unquestioning	obedience	from	all	un
1919: France::~the explorers made their way as far	dian soldiers who Journey	to 	J* M interesting to note	the appar-	his machines In	difficulties with a
1919: between living and existing this want» in the foregoing connection, sible moment.-	»~ France, and it is due largely to the 000 000 bushel*. In Ui the Ifnited
1919: “~Another time, one of the men in the battery was in a deep dugout when one of the big German shells came through the root and lodged right at his feet. It was a huge shell, and it looked as big around as a washtub to him. He fainted dead away when he saw it, for in a flash he figured that It had one df these delayed action-fuses and was all ready to blow up. When he came to, and they told him that he had been scared Into insensibility by a 'dud/ he was the maddest man you ever saw. He seemed to take It as a personal Insult that the shell hadn't exploded and scattered him over five acres of France."
1919: France::~must be some foundation for what barney, in  in which he ex- attack on C. J. Magnan, Chief In-	“---
1919: vice available to him there would ^ owe„~ his life to some poor un-have been no trouble at nil. As to t o cnml for gtray dog. future, so far as South Air ca is con- M dogs trained at the school cemed, we believe the German col- werc Fcnt 01lt to France to act ns mes onies ought not to Ik* given back to	fnrrirrs in the field. The skill.
1919: France::~\\TREKLY NEWSPAPER FOR SALE f ? in New Ontario. Owner going to  Will sell $2,000 that amount Apply J. H Publishing Co.. Limited. Toronto
1919: France::~to duty in . The excitement, and glorious freedom of the life of a
1919: France::~who paid the money received no actual going to . He had been in aev-	m marlin imnntii KtoatrU FaE. "
1919: France::~But the time came when no further excuses would go. The soldier* demanded to be armed with a rifle that would shoot when it was wanted to shoot, and not when It blamed well pleased. The cry from the trenches was loud and Insistent and It was finding echoes at home that no Government could afford to disregard. Sir Sam Hughes still insisted that the boys in  were sleeping on their Roes rifles for fear the other chaps would steal them, but the people and the Government
1919: France::~Our ears began to s:,,g. say WM ,;ve from pollutions." _ sions dignified by the name in 	j	l'.,......
1919: France::~In  at one time only those of noble birth were allowed to be glass-
1919: France::~same was noticeable in  where. The Boche is always a Boche, and In the Cameroon* under the Ger- and gecond battles of Ypres and the tho destroyer that needed badly the Although all her time is spent in JiS well known, the civilian popula- does not understand being treated like mans “cocoa slnvoiy <ll ini' wor>t gtami in the spring of 1918; and “mother ship’s” care gdde out of harbor, each parent sb'p h8s more Lion was kept by its oppressors on % gentleman, says “A Londoner” in kind prevailed. .Men were taken by j beyond all these victory, remember- • the line and slide alongside tho big than enough to do in catering for the verge of starvation. It is, how- the Evening Standard. When our ! *orce from tlic nat$vo vllja^es and ; ing the struggle too well to boast. • parent ship. Soon tho damaged cnch 0f iicr precious charges. With-ever, mainly in the old people that fim ^alry detachments penetrated compelled to work on the cocoa There is more piety than revenge in bridge, the broken mast, or maybe out the tender care of a “~mother signs of the shortage of supplies arc jnto Germany they sometimes found plantations where they died like this memorial; it speaks silently and a troublesome turbine was taken in @hip” the destroyers and submarines to be seen. One gets a general i themselves at night in some village flies- 0n* chief mentlon8 ”av,n* for itself of the wrong done by the ! hand and the damage repaired, and would have fared very badly during pression that elderly folk are.pre-' U)wn wet antl colt1 and far ahcad 80ni eevcn mcn ln tw® different j Germans, but it remembers the the little craft was able to join her the hazardous four and a half yean maturely	aged	and	decrepit, and emit- j of there'	suppl$cs of fpod and foragc	years; in the first year four of thoj steadfastness of our two	countries	ei8ter ships at the buoys, fit	again to 0f war.
1919: France::~when about 15 men were engaged In this work in London and 20 in , they never knew what the result would
1919: w»r-d«ristâ~ted eectlon of France, i wlth" ,tT« Airman—“It's ell wing* to be thus honored.
1919: France::~Carthy, who sacrificed his own life la cultivation ; 20 acres of hardwood bush. I BLACKSMITH SHOP  for the sake of a friend.	Well fenced ; good (dwelling house and
1919: FRANCE::~CONTRAST WITH THE ATTITUDE OF  IN 1871.
1919: France:France:~Just returned from a visit to the old battle lines in . Having gone to  as a private in the Princbss Pats, been promoted to the rank of officer, and having been wounded three times whilst bearing that rank, Major Nickle gives a vivid story of the country as one who sees It from the view of a veteran.
1919: of the children who mocked Elisha on to practice in Serbia long before his Journey to Bethel—~how the young they enjoyed similar rights in Eng-ones taunted the prophet, and how land, France, Italy and most of the they were punished when two bears other European countries, came out of the woods and ate forty and two of them.
1919: France::~Louls Philippe, ex-King of , and	Ml	j quIht- and now he was ^oing to per-
1919: France::~Wood Norton, a palatial house near Evesham, has been the home of the exiled kings of  of the House of Orleans ever since the Due d’~Eumale made his home there seventy years ago. And among other fugitive Sovereigns for whom England has provided a home, not the least welcome are King Manuel of Portugal and his charming mother, Queen Amelie.
1919: “They are a gallant people. In one Instance I called to a peasant, “~Vive la France.” He replied, “~Merci Monsieur. Vive la Belle France." people' of France indeed love their country dearly.
1919: France::~Now. if the people of Shawville district wish my name or support for a club or anything of that kind in connection with the returned boys, I am with them, as I went overseas with a conceptions, based more or less on number of the Shawville boys and also Biblical and other descriptions of bis was with them in , and was not personal appearance. The works of with tlie boys from Starks Corners. Leonardo da Vinci and Raphael are
1919: France::~King Edward had a decided weak-	 was told by Major-General Hence the beautiful hues of this	end of a rope in front of it and stant
1919: she takes into her arms, kisses and	ciear understanding of the difference	soâô~iers have fought since the earlly	certain hospital In France where the	that there is no end to the variety	out would rush the crocodile; then
1919: Canada:France:~"The measures adopted In  to Increase production and conserve food, combined with the fact that the British Government was able to keep the sea route clear, made it possible for Great Britain and her allies to overcome what was their greatest enemy, Insufficiency of food. In 1918 the situation was very critical and food became as important a problem as that of munitions For example, In Decern 1917,  held supplies of
1919: Prisoners of war—military and civilian—~held by the Allies are estimated at: United Kingdom, 103,311; France, 196,479; and other countries,
1919: France::~In  through the Canadians’ dark snout beetle which cuts off “hand-me-downs" and buy the first battle at Ypres.	the blossom buds. Early varieties cheapest he can find.
1919: France::~war when  forced upon the sultan the appointment of a Christian governor of Lebanon. Now they are was
1919: recognized by Great Britain and by (he racial unity between the Arabs and tion of such mails has materially con- tr( ’~ and keenimr them indt ors until France more than two years ago She lhe Moslem Syrians Is a fiction; that tributed to the detection of many the moths emcnre* After twentv-fimmaterially aided In the conquest of (he latter are to a large extent former spies and enemy agents both In this hours fallowed for matin?) the male*
1919: France:Italy:~Incidentally, too. this arrangement offers an opening for the settlement of the Mahommedan question. One objection the Turkish delegates raised to the expulsion of the Sultan from Constantinople was that the Moslems looked upon the ruler at Stamboul as head of their faith, and that to transfer him to Asia Minor would be considered an affront by millions of their coreligionists of India, Egypt and the whole north of Africa. This plea, it was thought, would stop Britain,  and  from taking such action. But the conference delegates in their re* ply pointed out that disappearance of Ottoman rule had never prevented the free practice of the Mahommedan religion. They might have added thpt a
1919: France:Germany:~Between Ruined  and Prosperous , says Traveller.
1919: France::~The desolation of the once pretty villages of  was beyond description," says a war worker just returned from the battle zone was nothing in most cases that re-| sembled a house at all, but we would! see the peasants gathered over a par ] ticular heap of broken bricks an# agreeing after much argument that] this was the site of their old home. Then they would dig away the top| layer of the debris, with tar paper, and go to work clearing away their garden house was settled they would have a garden planted.	'
1919: France:Germany:~It was in contrast with these deso-j late scenes In  that the pictures, of prosperous  was so irritât ing to the Allied Army of Occupation^ It was but a few hours ride from these stricken villages, with no homes, uq 1, no coal and no young %n#n, td the well-ordered German villages, with the fat asparagus beds In perfect conj ditlçn apd every tomato bl*nt tied u a ôn Its own neat little etlck/'
1919: “~I started soldiering back In 1908. When the war broke out I was a teutenant In Lord Strathcona's Horse. That Is the name of the Canadian permanent forces. We went over to England soon after the war darted. The Canadian Division w%as neld over there for a while In training tamps. 1 was made captain in February, 1915. We were originally i cavalry regiment, but the army in France was so hard pressed for infantrymen that we were transferred into that service. Hy December, 1915, 1 was promoted to the rank of ma jor, ind shortly afterward was made brigade staff captain. (In the British army a brigade staff captain is a rank higher than a regimental major.) Next came the grade^f général staff officer of the third grade in % Canadian division, followed by the rank of brigade major.
1919: England:France:~ and , continually crossing and recrosslng the Channel to see how the officers trained at the school were coming on. The school proved a great success, and In February, 1918, I was assigned the command of the officer an*4 cadet training school of the Royal Flying Corps with the rank of brigadier general.
1919: France:Canada:~That business men in  are turning their attention to  aa a source of supply more than before
1919: Canada:France:~to speak, an advertising force for Dominion trade. A typical Instance Is quoted by the Commissioner General for  In , who in describing the requirements of a large importing house says:—“~I sincerely believe that much sentiment exists here In France from the many interviews I have had and continue to have with men of all sorts—~business, commercial and professional. I believe that the sentiment exists that purchases would be much preferable from Canada than from the United States. There Is a great deal of love for Canada shown and Canada has become known from the many lines of endeavor undertaken by the Canadian Army."
1919: France::~The siege of Paris began on September 15, 1870, and ended on January 28, 1871, when the city surrendered, German troops entering the city In March. 1871, and remaining 48 hours. The eastern part of Paris was bombarded by the Germans on January 8, 1871, and about a week later there was a general bombardment, In which many buildings were damaged and a number of persons killed. After the latter bombardment  appealed to the neutral powers, but received no response.
1919: HE soldier who does not know, In his own experience, of a case where a man who lit his cigarette “third off a match" and promptly went to his death, is a rarity. Third off a match, going up the line when warned for leave, passing a horseshoe on the road, being In the same platoon a» one’s brother or father, speaking one's regimental number in the trenches or being a determined souvenir hunter—~these were the principal superstitions of soldiers In France. And superstition, even to the supposedly hard-headed young business men who Joined up, became, after a few days in the line, Just as much a part of a soldier’s
1919: France::~The legends of death and calamity following the unlucky third man on a match are aa numerous as there were troops In . Every man has a story to Illustrate the dire consequence of that breach of a malign fate’s decree. And strangely enough, many actual examples are available.
1919: Italy:Spain:~warned the signaller, laughing. Madam II. Piuault, of I a rent, Que., to .  and the south °f “You’d better throw	that	fag away,	j writes :	“~ I have l>een a sufferer from	France. It was not manufactured In
1919: glad tidings flashed across the world, there followed with the Nation’s Prayer of Thanksgiving, one yearning query, which found echo in the faster beating . hearts of wives, mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters and sweethearts. That query was, How soon will our boy be home?”~* And, from France and Flanders, from Italy and Egypt, from Palestine and from far-off Siberia, there answering echo, “ How soon, how soon, may we go home?”
1919: in English history was Henry VIII. He had six wives and killed them all." “The chief clause in the Magna Charts was that no free man should be put to death or be Imprisoned without his own consent." “~Edward the Third would have been king of France if his mother had been a man " was not to order taxis without the consent of Parliament." “The pope called
1919: France:Spain:~be located there	as a fertilizer, and to make this avail- tween  and .” “Panama is
1919: France::~settlement he was only a bird of pass | The national dish of  is—pot-1 scrapped and the turnips peeled and age, so to speak, but he did his best,, au.feu its origin dates far, far back. cut *n «lices. The leeks are cleaned
1919: France::~Meanwhile the missionary had , had t^e words put into hi* a„d the celery are tied together; the travelled on some two hundred miles; mouth that lie wanted everybody in cloves aro stuck Into the peeled but the Indian measured the mission- his kingdom to have poule-au feu (a onions; the meat Is put Into a pot ary's footprint, anil in gratitude made fowl in the pot) every Sunday, and with cold water to extract the Juice him a fine pair of moccasins, lie then ever since the working classes and the and the pot Is then covered and Bet tracked the missionary over hill and people in the country districts look over a slow five. Just as soon as the valley until he found him, and gave upon the pot-au-feu as the great Sun- scum begins to rise it Is removed him the tokens of his thanksgiving. day dish.	with a skimmer and it .should not be
1919: Men sometimes question the faith- In the time of Henry the IV., it Is allowed to boil until the scum is all fulness of God. The seed sown quite probable that fowls were more removed and the broth is clear. If seems to come to naught and the price plentiful than beef, for now the pro- j the scum Is not removed It sinks to of the best work seems to be only verbial fowl Is replaced by beef, the bottom and makes the bouillon heartache. But is He less faithful though the people who cay afford it muddy. When the pot begins to boil, than man? Are the promises dead or use at least parts of the fowl with a put in the onion with the cloves, the outworn? Are the old certificates re- portion of beef. Properly, pot-au-feu carrots the turnips and the bpndle of voked? He has said, ' Thou hast been means the bouillon mid the boiled green things, cover the pot again and faithful over u few things, I will make meat that Is used to make It, whether simmer gently for three hours thee ruler over many things.”~ Is God it be beef or chicken, or both, and one the end of the three hours place the not still taking the measure of his ser- understands in France that both will, white portion of the leeks In the pot vant's footprints, and will not the re- he served. Both are eaten, not as a | and boil one hour. About four minutes ward overtake him, if his faith fail matter of economy alone, but by pre- before the dish is to be served, put In
1919: France::~are different prices for different pieces quite as characteristic of  as of meat, and to be sure the poor people anything could possibly be. Cut the take a much cheaper cut, hut their slices of bread and then cut them In
1919: France::~It is j and brown them through and through, the morning sow thy seed, and in the said that eating in  is a very Place them in a soup tureen and then evening withhold not thine hand.” God serious function and surely the eating set the soup pot on the stove and let It is measuring your footprint. His re- of pot-au-feu is that.	boil. Fill a ladle with the sotîp
1919: France::~The following are the necessary with parsley. Tomato sauce, musli-thlngs to be used in making the na- room sauce or mustard is generally tional dish of : Two pounds of served with it. lean meat from the neck, a knuckle
1919: France::~This may seem considerable r to devote to the preparation of dish, but to be less explicit would not be doing Justice, both to the national dish and the housekeeper in .
1919: France::~ed to take up arms against ,	^	be easily done if Baby's Own Tablets , affair. The purchasers do not call out costs very little but is sufficient to robe was sent to the east against Rus-	. are kept In the house. The Tablets their bids or nod, hut they write their move every hard or soft corn or callus
1919: England:France:~dered and marched off to Siberia with Everybody has heard the message regulate the bowels and sweeten the are willing to pay, on slips of paper, the German prisoners. Managing to telegraphed by an. unfortunate Hindu stomach and thus make baby healthy Then the slips, having been placed in escape, he made his way on foot to the offlcinI to acoount for a delay at the ' and strong English at Archangel, who helped him to , and from there he crossed to  and volunteered.
1920: France::~"Father, please let me marry Jim. He's so neat. Why, when he was in  he got two medals for cleaning out dugouts and mopping up.”
1920: France::~Vast Areas of Belgium and  May Forever Remain Waste.
1920: France::~contain billions of pounds of water	I tion In the invaded districts of , j
1920: France::~The total destruction In  was placed at $13,000,000,000 by M. Dubois,
1920: France::~The boys of  and Britain, armed with the new world's power,
1920: France::~rvey of the whole ftmm-imerclal Himation. A few e visitod  and Bel-• of studying • he nr nation. He w as Impressed with the progress made in the work of restoration.
1920: France::~A new method of administering chloroform, brought out In  by Dr. Cuisez. Is described In the Scientific American. The doctor no longer
1920: Doubtless the most famous predecessor of the gallant and useful war dogs of the great war—so many killed, so many wounded, so many decorated, and humanly proud of their medals! —~was Moustache, a dog of France, who earned his honors and met his
1920: France::~Owing to being underfed and ne# lected by the Germans during their occupation  are suffering to abnormal e»
1920: France::~It Is well that the Germans should be reminded of he heavy responsibility Incurred by them for their merciless treatment of the defenceless Inhabitants of northern  at a time when they themselves are asking pity for their own children.
1920: France::~survived by h number of brothers and sisters. A brother. Captain Bill Kgan, paid the supreme sacrifice in . Mrs. A. tjuinn, of Ottawa, is a sister. The deceased returned fttim the war last year, his wounds rendering him unlit for further service.
1920: A popular young man of Cobden, John Egan, a son of Mr. Daniel Egan, of that village met a tragic death in the North Country, according to advices received by the father, lie was found frozen to death in the woods 200 miles north ! of Le Pa* where lie was engaged in trapping. The late John Egan, a most estimable young man, was a returned soldier who saw lengthy ¦~ Hcrvice in France and was badly wounded in the shoulder. Few details of the tragedy are to hand, but the body of Egan was dis-vcred by his partner, who set out to look for him after he had been missing some day
1920: France:Canada:~When on. the morning of March 22 this first great Canadian sale begins, as hundreds of buyers from the United States, Great Britain,  and , eagerly outbid one another for the finest average furs ever assembled at any sale—then you’ll be glad you have your furs on our floor.
1920: France::~Three companies of colored engineers at a big median* supuly depot somewhere In southern  have three mascots of which they think the world. One Is Bobo, the but ocn. One is Smoke, a little black French dug. O.ie Is Peoria, a 111 y aller d«c—n real O. D. brlndle.
1920: whole community — he certainly the c-itie* where darlirit saving i. «~nil France In tÿqî, "’i*1' displayed very bad taste with a in fore#, thus enabling the city bushels. 1 he l nited Kingdom i Huiîerabundance of that modern folk to reach their summer home? given Ç buelwls, and t ie l nited questionable quality called nerve, earlier in the day.	4 States 5.3 bushels.
1920: France:Russia:~ and  placed or* electric lamp
1920: Nowadays, when the possession of makes Robinson Crusoe describe that an umbrella is considered as neces- he had seen umbrellas employed in sary as owning a hat, it may not strike the Brazils and that lie had constructive everyday mind that there was once ed his own umbrella in imitation of • time when an umbrella was a luxury, them. "I covered it with skins,”~ he In France when they were first intro said, "the hair outward, so that it cast duced it was considered very intend- off the rain like a pent house and kept nate for a man to carry one.	off the gun so effectually that 1 could
1920: England::~leave an opening and let them go home! That bright spring morning white Gtice. It came from , and t î~e when they feel like it. But cheer up,; Gloria was moving into her new play- United States and France Bob, you may have honey on your; house under thc old crooked apple tree, food, clothing, medicines and peraon-
1920: France:Germany:~What comes next nobody can guess. We must either drift indefinitely, or ask Great Britain and  to try to get for us such of the advantages of the Versailles Treaty as they care to assign to us, or we must ask  very kindly to state the conditions upon which she is willing to make peace with us, or—worst of all —adopt the pending resolution de-This manding that we get every advantage camp was visited recently by Mme. accorded to us in the ill-fated treaty Paderewski, wife of the former Pre- while we assume none of its responsl-
1920: in Kansas. His daily routine is occu-	‘ t>lUV'	S. , .	“~ / '	* Ve. . . | Lirlv and then draw off into large tins,	ing over to France for Y M C A. work,	again as	I studied the sciences at col-
1920: moans all that stand to the credit o2 | Lord Fisher. lie devised the systenr of nucleus crew: for warships, where by a ship would always have its com plcment of brains aboard and coulc sent its extra man power wherevei it was needed, or take the crude, article and fit it into position instant ly. But perhaps the greatest stroke of all, whereby the strength of the British fleet was kept in the North Sea, was in carrying out Nelson’~s old maxim that your battleground should be your drill ground. Of course, the Entente with France was necessar, before this revolutionary change !r naval strategy could be achieved, but * the Entente might have been in existence and the British fleet scattered al over the seven seas had the navj been without a man like Fisher. Om does not like to imagine the Créa1 War breaking out, the German navy at Kiel and the British ships stationed all over the Mediterranean, thc China Sea, and the Pacific, as had been the immemorial practice before -Fisher became First Sea Lord.
1920: Holland:France:~Sweden and , to protect the Spanish Netherlands against the en-1 croachments of .
1920: France::~The recent death of ex-Kmpre-s Eugenie of  recalls to mem- ....	...
1920: France::~try farther south.	I>abor and fuel represent 70 per cent. an(l northern  the birds as well bc# %f they had seen Queen Mary em- tiny open space known as "Little Dor-
1920: France::~with the power and the generosity of .
1920: France:France:~Not content with these manifestations of friendship, the French Government makes it a point to invite the native rulers of the lands under Its control to visit  occasionally as the guests of the nation. Escorted by French officers who can talk to them in their own language these Colonial visitors in their outlandish costumes experience the delights of Paris, are dined by [he President of the Republic at the Elysee Palace, receive the freedom of the city at the Hotel de Ville and finally return to their own lands friends and allies of  for the rest of their lives.
1920: France::~eons and desert patrols, recruited from the desert tribes and mounted on the tall, swift trotting camels known enthusiasm with which an | as Meharl,  has made the Saharan trade routes, If not as safe as the circus.	Fifth Avenue or Piccadlly, certainly
1920: France::~By her successful protection of the caravan routes  has earned the gratitude of the people of the regions that border on the great Sahara. Many of these great trade caravans are literally moving cities. They sometimes consist of 12,000 camels, to say nothing of horses, donkeys, sheep and
1920: France::~There is in use in  an electric substitute for the barber’s scissors. It consists of a comb carrying along one side of its row of teeth a platinum wire through which flows an electric current As the comb passes through the locks to be shorn the heated wire instantaneously severs the hairs, leav« ing them of even length and sealing
1920: France::~That the war brought to  nn object lesson In the utility of the motortruck as a means of freight transportation appears In plans now under way to develop a long haul system. It Is hoped thereby to quicken
1920: France:France:~The rare perfumes of  suffered severly during the war, and only the industry and thrift of the French prevented them from dying out altogether. Cannes and Grasse, according to the Illustrated World, are the centres of the French perfume industry, which is situated in southern  along the Mediterranean Mower garden of the world " there Is only one formula used in making perfumes. It is very simply: the scent shall be unique and shall be produced in limited quantity; therefore they will be expensive. Essence of rose, in the Riviera raw material market, is often quoted as high as eight hundred dollars for two and one fifth
1920: France::~He Sleeps in .
1920: France::~I tell with voice so dim; He sleeps in .	—
1921: and mothers have been made bright. w“s fi>led » w,trt cart,h removed from cheerful and strong. If you are all- th”or«,n‘~ resting place m France ing. easi y tired or depressed, It is The leaf, a particularly beautiful a duty you owe yourself and your specimen, was gathered by Mr. Adam family to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills Brown; themed Hamilton citizen who a fair trial. What this medicine has recently resigned as postmaster, on done for others It will surely do for thc road between Burlington and Wa-
1921: France::~A French commissioner of police called on Mme. Prieur recently and asked her to acknowledge the accuracy of an account which a German toy firm asserts is due to it by her late husband, despite the fact that the peace treaty provides that persons in  who suffered from the German invasion or other acts of the enemy do not have to pay their obligations to Germans until they are finally indemnified by the Berlin Government. Therefore, Mme. Prieur refused to accept the German claim until the Kaiser appears either before a French, German or Dutch court to to the charge she has filed
1921: FRANCE::~PRESIDENT OF  Lord Lieutenant of the monarch, was Marriage customs in eastern coun- delivery of the gracious invitation that
1921: France::~that Its ton branches reached out over up and share her pleasure. The green President M tike rand of  In-i criminate osculation. He abolished of our Lord’s parable which we study1 as ye shall find." the heads of all its iirhbovi One	frog flatly refused to leave his grassy	augurated with the new year an epoch-	the many hundred year-old custom of	to-day, the iparriage was that of a	j “they gathered together all so many
1921: England:Canada:~Other high functionaries in France will doubtless follow suit, and the practice of official killing will soon be es obsolete there as it to (except in the case of a newly-elected mayor, somewhere or other) in  and .
1921: France::~which she had traversed the whole of The little widow felt that her grief tries where farming is not vigorously . And as she recognized the	w«a out of season, far away, almost	carried on, civilization languishes,
1921: France::~In , * Is the city of It Is the centre of a region
1921: France::~was near he wrote queath to the churches of , my native land, the responsibility for the Lord's work In Barotseland, and 1 adjure them In His holy name never to give it up.”
1921: the Anglo-Saxons called "Eadda," the lengthening of vowels Into the "o”~ sound being characteristic. There was a famous bishop In the early Middle Ages In northern France who bore this name.
1921: France::~chest. He goes to  to make	up at one. A tangle of reddish hair	man	10	out ^IM*<	“Step up. I j yet been climbed.
1921: Sources Châ~teau-Robert f St. \ orre, Vichy Basin. France. Approved of by the Académie de Médecine of Paris.
1921: As a natural consequence of the increase in paper, there has b*»~en a dearth of coins. France once retorted In her extremity to the Issuing of leather money, and postage stamps have been extensively used as cur-
1921: one year since the signing of the arm-, *'*!' ,ht>u*hhad ,no lntnri‘~,,c vahl* 1st Ice France has Increased its paper I 1he PorrsllUn tolns are lssued iB money by $1.000,000.000. Every city and town and hamlet that had its own
1921: usa:France:~stage. She tells him he mu year for her answer. Partin greatly disappointed to fin paltry thond pounds in the chest. He is relieved to discover later a large key and a parchment telling where the real treasure is hidden, (living Bax-ente a quaint locket and chain which he found in the chest. Partin govs to . By posing as an artist he gains admittance to the Chateau Chaux die, and in a secret vault finds an immense fortune in gems, gold and rare pictures. In the meantime Eddie Haver ton has become the man agi r of Stella Bonham's Un a,riva troupe and motors to Parched* r to ate her.
1921: France::~watered, and but few men for the Job,	planets, in  they were	called	the whirling vortices	of thv	puts	may
1921: able, the vicar conceived the Idea of The Jumping stunts of automobiles quarrying local stone himself, with the jn movies are the result of trick uid of hi* “~flock/* Each evening for photography. There has been promonths they went with pickaxe and duced (n France a light car that does spade to a neighboring old quarry, and got enough stone to build. The transept has been completed seme years.
1921: France::~,  is estimated to have mine: 13,871,187 metric tons of iron ore lasl year, a gain of more than 4.400,000 metric tons from the previous year.
1921: France::~German war criminals on 's list will be tried before courts martial in military districts where the crimes were committed instead of before the civil courts
1921: The first of the Germans to be moned—and they will be tried in their absence if they refuse to cross the frontier into France—will be General von Oven, who is accused of ordering his troops to make attacks on the inhabitants of Nomey and Jarny during the burning and pillaging of Nancy suburbs; General von Montgelas, who directed pillaging bands in Alsace-Lorraine, and Major General Riedl, whose order to the Bavarian Eighth Brigade was to “burn all the houses, kill all the males and force the " | and chidren toward the French lines.”~ Legal experts hpre are still divided whether if the Ministry of Justice ratifies the military judgments of the courts martial it will be possible for France to demand the extradition of the men convicted, but the consensus is that the trials will give France additional lever to be used against Germany in case there are in the future evasions of other clauses of the Versailles treaty.
1922: France::~from Belgium and  Sir Arthur , porting
1922: France::~It was recorded of Helianore, who of was brought over from  in 1394
1922: France:Canada:~Influenza broke out in England nnd  about the first of the! New Year, and Inst week it made! its up garance in New York, and was reported to be spreading vapidly, although the disease is said not to be of as serious a ty ^ as the epidemic which scourged the country two years ago. No evidences of the malady have so far been seen in , but is is not unreasonable to expect that it will eventually appear. Just now Canadians need scarcely be reminded that New York is a good place to keep away from.
1922: In his pocket, and so converse with One called the “Farnum,”~ that is used home or office while walking from one on the river Seine, in France, as a sight-
1922: ridge or hill.	of a Merchant.”~	.	j case of large withdrawals for pay-roll France.	sonage-the telephone girl. The start modations, and is distinguished by the
1922: England:France:~ and  are full of family names founded on the forest, for forests were more, plentiful In the days of family name formations than they are to-day in both of those tries. The French family names h* show signs of English Influence, but
1922: France::~Vnit, Canadian Army Medical conduct worship at-H Corps. While in  in the Wesley, 11, a. m. latter part of 1915 he developed a Bristol, 2.30, p. in. severe case of pleurisy, spending Y arm, 7, p. m. over a year and a half in hospitals	Bring your Hildas,
1922: j Worth, the most famous of Parisian j dressmakers, whose name for half a century has suggested everything that ¦~ is tasteful and .sparkling in the art of dress, was not a Frenchman at all. but an Englishman. His full name was Charles F. Worth, and he was horn at Bourne, Lincolnshire, in 1825. He was j the son of a lawyer's clerk, and h .; first start in life was as a salesman in a London drapery shop Dissatisfied | with his position, he craised to France and entered the service of Mme. Gage-lin, at that time one of the foremost i madietes in Paris; he worked for her as designer. It is said he came to Paris with only one sovereign in his pocket.
1922: tonic origin, came to be spelled with a “Ch” instead of a ”K”~ In France seme oases, being taken back into Germany, an “S” was prefixed to maintain the soft pronunciation, and it became "Scharlo." If taken Into English at a
1922: France:England:~The international Bureau of Weights and Measures, Hlev ms, , enables different countries In the world to be supplied with copies of the standards agreed upon by an International Committee, representing nearly every civilized country. Single nations are provided for by s-uch national Institutions as the National Physical laboratory, , and the Bureau of Standards' of the United State*, where many different ineturments are verified, and much research Is undertaken.
1922: France::~A Grave in .
1922: France::~A grave in , upon a wind-swept
1922: of bullock carts, or carro»~, that re- from "Why Others Failed, semble sleds with iron runners. Two Rush through life, and you 11 come oxen are waiting to haul them, and at the end far more quickly, the heads of the animals stands the The length of a friendship Is often A grave In France! But darker, sadder driver, who is invariably clad in white determined by the shortness of a tern-	far, broke
1922: Canada:United States:~While it is certain tlyit English and cent, less cars. And in point of inScotch car buyers have been active vestment in automobiles per capita, this year, this being established by Canada is probably leading the w. rid, the great volume of automobile ex- for, as is generally known, automobile ports to the United Kingdom, as well prices in the United States are mans by the heavy production of cars by terially lower than in Canada, and home factories, it is not regarded ns those in Great Britain arc not suffi-p rob able that the purchases have been ciently higher to entail a greater per as numerous as those effected in the capita investment, dominion, and consequently it is con- It is interesting to note that France fldontly predicted that by the end of ranks third in importance among the year  will be second only automobile (toning countries, with a to the . There are several reasons why the United Kingdom cannot expect to bold its lead over the dominion. One of these is that there is really less need for motor cars, that they are less of a necessity there
1922: England:France:~Here Is a family name whose origin you would probably have to wander over the map of Europe to find, If you did not first hunt for clues among the historical records of medieval  or .
1922: France::~da noils, although in this stand she is not supported by , which shows a I Elliott, :t W Maitland
1922: England:France:~Left to right; John Stilea, rtpeesenting Canadian Scout movement: Captain Francs* Cidnev, official representative of , neat in rank to Lieut Robert Baden-Powell, who started the Scout activities James E West. Chief Scout executive, for America; Mona J. Ouerin-Desjardins, representative of the combined three Scout movements of . At the conference where 400 «ecuthres assembled
1922: England:France:~During the unneighborly war be tween  and , in one sea | fight H.M.S. Marlborough was engaged ! in a severe battle, and got the worst of it. The captain and second lieuten ant were dangerously wounded, the vessel was so shattered that to handle her was impossible, and the officers ! and crew were deep in conferencce as* to a "surrender." One officer protested. ! declaring he would nail the colors to. the mast and go down fighting. There » were some poultry-coops on the deck, j and during the fight the coops had been broken and tho poultry were roaming at their own will. At the mo- | ment when the protest against "sur j render" was going on, a young rooster happened to fly on the stump of the broken mast, and, having reached the top, flapped his wings and sent out a lusty clarion cry of "Cock a-doodle-doo/'
1923: Germany::, which secures Its supply of raw material from the slop*** of een tain mountain»~ 1m France, Germany, Austria and Switzerland, is generally conceded to be the best manufacturer of sou mill, g boards heavy demands for German pianos, the _ : supply in thos e districts quickly dim in-tfced and there uow e 1st» only a pos-
1923: England:England:~First of all the Allied Nations to honor the unknown soldier was Great Britain. The ceremony was held on j Armistice Day, November 11, 1920. j and according to the British press, was the most impressive scene ever witnessed in England. The body , selected for the honor was first given due honors in France, when Marshal Foch and several other French dignitaries spoke. The ship which conducted the body from France to  was escorted by several destroyers. In  the cenotaph itself j was unveiled by the King, while the Prince of Wales, the Duke of York, Prince Henry, the Duke of Connaught and the Archbishop of Can- I terbury, as well as hundreds of other British notables took part in the
1923: Spain:France:~The Inhabitants of Italy, , and  are still called Latin races, because! although they were conquered 1 by the Teutons, the Latin language came to be adopted by the conquerors as well as the conquered, for the modern French, Spanish, and Italian languages are all derived from Latin. Latin habits and customs also prevail.
1923: France::~The Franks wore a Germanic people who settled to the north of the western Goths In the north of .
1923: France::~Clovis, their first King, drove the Goths out of Gaul, a*  was then
1923: France:England:~called, In A.D. 481, and so  took The mon Is risen and all the night Its name from Its Frankish conquerors. ' la sunk In song. But lo, how near just as  tok its name from the The day-star hangs.
1923: France:Holland:~Following the death of his brother, George, a few weeks ago, Mr. Andrew Holland, passed away on Thursday last, after a long period of declining health, which dated from the death of his son, Ernest, in , and the decease of his brother George, to whom he was much attached, precipitated the general breakdown that had l>een going on since that The late Mr.  was one of
1923: France::~A rather curious Incident was linked with that army. At the peace conference of 1763, following the war with ,
1923: Canada:Canada:~Franco, rs part of the price of victory, the Island of Guadeloupe. France objected to giving up Guadeloupe because it contained rich sugar plantations, and sugar was then regarded as an indispensable product in about the same way as oil is regarded to-day. England was offered , but the English delegates to the Peace Conference had no enthusiasm for such a bargain. They did not want . They could see very little value in it.
1923: France:Canada:~Voltaire, the famous French essayist and philosopher, remarked that  was well rid of her 15,000,000 acres of mow, meaning, of course, .
1923: JDugland did not want has now become the chief source of the supply of breadstuff# for the people of the British Isle# and a generous contributor of a variety of her produots,ggjjjip| Second largest wheat and oat producing country In the world; and it offers, as perhaps no other country offer»~, a means of escape from the crushing competition of England's own overpopulated country. From the 15,000,000 acres of anew half a million men had the privilege of fighting ln France SS comrades of Voltaire’s countrymen In toe successful effort to defend It— and the 16,000,000 acre# of snow— from an enemy that, no doubt, had a more accurate appreciation of its pre-
1923: France::~Sixty years ago in  the use of the knife at dinner was taboo, and the guest was expected to divide the food with a fork. Long habit has made this nation very clever with the uses of the fork and other dainty table appointments.
1923: France::~In , Switzerland, Sweden, Norway and others of the more experienced countries, the so-called waste lands are set to work producing timber and forest crops which are taken off year by year without depreciating the "capital stock" of the forest Itself, account largely for the prosperity of those lands. Sweden and Norway maintain a high average of personal income and yet one half of the whole national area Is permanently under timber and all of scientiflcal-
1923: France::~I The best-known detective in  at the present time is Edmond Bayle, a chemist whose laboratory Is in the Palais de Justice in Paris.
1923: France:Holland:~Britain can speak by telephone to , Belgium, Switzerland, and . In America the range of the ' long-distance phone is over 4,000'
1923: France::~Cholera Infantum Is one of the fatal tient castle perched on a rocky moun-aI!ment* of childhood. It Is a troub'.o tain side in her native province of that comes on suddenly, especially Aveyron, In the south of . It during the summer nv nthfl, and unless . |* the castle of Cableree, and R was prompt action te taken the little one built In the year 1050. A natural plat-may soon he beyond aid. Baby's Own , form of rock Juts out in front of It like Tablets arc an Ideal medicine In ward- the prow of a ship, and there the singing off this trouble. They régulât? the bowels ;.nd sweeten the stomach and thus prevent all the dreaded summer complaints. They are an absolutely safe medicine, being guaranteed by a government analyst to contain no opiates or narcotics or other harmful drugs. They cannot possibly do harm —they always do good. The Tablets are sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 25c a box from The Dr. Wiliams' Medicine Co., Brockvllle, OnL
1923: France::~undertaking has grown Into a regular	have requisitioned, Including ,
1923: France::~served in  with the Imperial very reasonable. Apply R. H. Elliott,
1923: France::~lu  the chief color for govern
1923: •~yellow books'* which France has been issuing annually ever since the year 1861 upon the affairs of the < ouutry for the use of politicians and Ui.-torlana.
1923: France:Italy:~that of modern  and . , man whom l loved bas just deserted	God and Religion.
1923: France:Germany:~United Kingdom includes the revision of certain topographic maps at periods respectively of fifteen y ars, twenty years, and forty years. On the continent of Europe, , Belgium, , and Switzerland are particularly well surveyed. India also ling carried on, for some years, an extensive surveying programme and has perfected methods now used In other parts of the world. In these countries regular programmes are followed out, various standard scales are used, and a partial return, In some cases almost the entire return, of the cost of the survey is obtained by the sale of the maps.
1924: Canada:France:~'s Debt to .
1924: France:Holland:~THE COMPANY is in touch with large numbers of good farm laborers in Great Britain, Norway, Sweden, Denmark. , , Switzerland and other European countries and through its widespread organization can promptly fill applications for help received from Canadian farmers.
1924: There were not cargoes for all the ships, and the world over many ships were at their moorings, laid up, Idle and earning nothing. It may be pointed out as a reminder of the great and permanent share Great Britain has in the world’~s carrying ! trade that only seven per cent, of her gross tonnage was laid up. Excluding Its shipping on the Great Lakes, the United States had 34 per cent, of Its tonnage Idle; France, 31 per cent ; Italy, 20 per cent. ; and the Netherlands. 12 percent. Sweden suffered tho least, having not quite i f .u r«atn one per cent, of her tonnage laid up. main : :
1924: France::~Premier Poincare of , who resigned office on Wednesday last following the defeat- of hi* ministry by. a small majority on a matter of secondary importance, has consented to resume office on the urgent solicitation of President Mdlerand and many frientsand admirers, who believe the country could, not suffer the loss of his leadership at the present critical condition of its affairs.
1924: France::~What will be the biggest concrete bridge in the world la about to be constructed by , to connect Brest with Plougastel. It will be 800 meters long (six miles), consisting of arched spans of 180 meters each, eighths of Its length will cover that much of the estuary of the River Elorn.
1924: England:France:~"They refuse to believe me, and we sleep under a false security, for I do not hesitate to affirm that we shall have a frightful war In Europe, and that  and  will have the hardeet experience of their existence. They will In fact see defeat very near, but the war will finally be won by the genius of a French general named Ferdinand Foch, professor at the military school at Paris."
1924: In the matter of clothes she follows the fashions “after a fashion/’~ but she has no instinct for stylo. Oddly enough# that circumstance adds to her popularity. The great British public have long accepted the fact that to the women of France and America belong naturally style, chic and distinction ; and the public rather distrust excessive elegance as un-English.
1924: softened changes of climate, made forests have anchored the Bands back of Ran Francisco and brought more rain to western Nebraska. Over much of the so-called “American Desert”~ trees now seed themselves. Both France and Germany have proved that
1924: France::~In southern  the farmers terrace their bare cut-off mountains and carry up In baskets the soil that has been washed down for lack of forest rootage to hold It. An American soldier saw this and said: “The French ought to love their country. They've made a lot of It by hand!” They are carrying the war of growth to victory over barren nature.
1924: The little French town of Strasbourg has been made world famous through its manufacture of goose-liver pies, or “pate de foie gras This delicacy Is said to have been invented in the latter part of the eighteenth century by a famous chef, Clause, employed by the Maré~chal de Contades, time Governor of Alsace. There are about twenty-five manufacturers In Strasbourg, about ten of whom are of commercial Importance. The manufacturers do not concern themselves with the raising of geese, these being supplied by the farmers. Some of the families id this section of France have been engaged In raising geese for generations and the numerous flocks of geese In the roadways are oftentimes a hlnderance to pedestrians.
1924: close to Rodney's tomb that Parlia-A good-looking soldierly chap of j nient again showed Its gratitude by 33, the eighth Baron Rodney has an confdrring a perpetual pension of estry stretching k to Norman £5,000 a year on Nt !son’s parson times. One of his forebears. Sir broMver, who inherited the admirers Richard de Rodeney, was slain at j peerage. Since then the Rodney’~s Acre whilst helping Richard roeur heirs have drawn some f 1,400,000, de Lion win back the Holy Sepulchre. BIlti the Nelson's almost $3,000.000. The present peer fought In France Perpetual or hereditary p as captain in the Second Dragoons date back to Charles 11 and	». So did his three ht
1924: on the boat from Havre, after some rapid and “~twisty" travelling In France, and was astounded by the warmth of the welcome he received from the aliens officer the moment he moved down the gangway at Newhaven. That “gate" was shut irrevocably In his face. He decided to try another. He travelled back to Havre, caught a boat for Southampton, and a few hours later disembarked there.
1924: rHiPTPu Yrvm	,4,-—~'., .	= u. v .v . j 1 wae e0 kind- 1 didn't realise-"	Harvest of France.
1924: France::~Some have vaguely surmised that Quebec is a French name because In certain parts of  tongues of land formed by the Junction of two rivers have names ending In "bee"
1924: France::~bot# History of New  publlah-•d In Parte, in 1609, a copy of which ftc In the Library of Parliament at Ottawa. Lescarbot’e spelling ie Rebec, without any accent, and he used It In describing Champlain's voyage of 1608, of which he had learned orally from the explorer. Quebecq la the spelling used by Champlain In bis own account of his voyages published in 1618.
1925: France:England:~In the olden | transplanted from  to 
1925: France:England:~, and of being brought to  or straight to this country at a later period.
1925: France:Holland:~Through experience in the last two years, the Company is now in touch with a number of good farm laborers in Great Britain. Norway, Sweden, Denmark, , , Switzerland and other European countries and can promptly fill applications for farm help.
1925: France::~steam automobiles in  and ery compressed air, and the power ......	.	.	.	, Britain after Cugnot demonstrated to compress the air I obtain generally
1925: Odouard. It la Interesting to note that the latter shows quite clearly a Frankish origin. "Odo" was the pronunciation and spelling which the ancient Franks gave to the name that the Anglo-Saxons called "Eadda," the lengthening of vowels Into the "©~" sound being characteristic. There was a famous bishop in the eary Middle Ages in northern France who bore this
1925: England:France:~'s yeomanry, and waa respond- very much devoted to dolls, and 1n-lble for many a victory of the English d66d pimyed with them until she was arms ovqy the standards of  In the wars which marked the late middle ages.
1925: France::~The spot is known as Isle aux Oeufs Egg Island, and in 1711 it was the scene of the greatest marine disaster in Canadian history. Queen Anne was waging a war with . On Continental Europe the Allied forces, led by the Duke of Marlborough, were winning the great battles of , mm m M	I Blenheim and Ramllllcs. The British
1925: France::~< CreilTillie Ford and	Government decided to strike 	u 4
1925: France::~VBBDOL	' JOSEPH A STEELE	latter. He returned to  with sases the Governments of the nations;
1925: France::~ThedLulted States has a May flower enormous growth of exports. From festival-Decoration Day. This was the small amount of 6 871,989 bushels originally Instituted to show respect in 1**1 they took what was at that for the dead who fell ln the Civil War. time a big jump to 18.688,092 bushels The graves of the fallen heroes are *n 1902, and 24,666,703 bushels In everywhere decorated with blossoms. 1903. In 1910 46,689,228 bushels of Similarly Vienna has Us Daffodil wheat was poured Into the world mar-Day. Geneva its White Rose Day, ket. in 1915 exports were 140,306,618 while  celebrates Lily Day. bushels and in 1924,	211,630,825
1925: France::~Mrs. J. McElroy, Mrs. F. Denton, Mrs. J. Hoare, Anna Pilgrim, Evelyn La , Mrs. Jas. Camming, Mrs. A. Godbold, Ethel H. M. Hoare, Mrs. D. Godbold, Mrs. R. J. Hoare, Mrs. T. Blow, M ildred Godbold, Mrs. McFaul, Mary Duff and Miss Evelyn Hoare and Master Jimmie Gumming.—Com.
1925: France::~Better known, at least outside of j that on the flat three miles could easily , is another of the same kind, | be attained, of which a literal translation is:
1925: England:France:~Catsup in  means a relish To the grated rind of four lemons sauce of which the juice of salted add a tablespoon of grated horse-spiced mushrooms is the chief ingredi- radish, mix well and add the juice ' ent. In other parts of the world, not- the lemons, two teaspoons each o ably , various fruits and vege- celery seed and white mustard, a (eyf
1925: France::~Everybody has heard of the fam-)us Liberty Statue in New York. This fvas presented to America by  In 1884.
1925: ¦	* mmÊm m ¦ W ¦ furiously a “brogue” or a ’’burr.”~ The tives of Northern France In the days
1925: Canada:France:~Senator Raoul Dandurand of  was elected permanent president of the sixth assembly of the Lepgue of Nations on the first ballot Pafnleve of , the temporary president, in summoning Dandurand to the chair, greeted the Canadian as an example of how French and English civilizations could flourLh in the seme country, solving the troublesome question of minorities.
1925: France:Italy:~no power to send him back to  j without special sanction from the Italian Government. But  refused to intercede for him and he was sent more to Devil's Island.
1925: France::~* had Anatole , who was working la,n Insulators and can rock slightly
1925: Italy:United States:~Great Britain, Ireland, France, Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Spain, , Cz/echo-Hlovakia, New Zealand, Australia, India, Burmah, .Egypt and the  are countries which have already signified their intention of participating in the World’~s Poultry Congress to bn held in Ottawa in July, 1927. Many more acceptances will follow the issuing of the official invitation, which will go from Canada to over one hundred governments.
1926: France:England:~room, is a reminder-of the times when Finger watches set in a background the manufacture of lace by hand was of diamonds have made their appear-an Important rural industry in many snce in , parts of .
1926: An ingenious method of encouraging the French to learn Englkh has been, adopted by the Radio Paris post of the Compagnie Française de Radiophonie. It is to begin a course in the English language by radio. It will be conducted by llertnain d’~llangcst, a professor at tho Lycee Condorcet and a well-known English scholar. Twice a week he will give Ilia lessons to all who care to listen In, and his pupils will probably be counted by hundreds of thousands, and perhaps by millions. English has become a popular language In France, and many people only require this little stimulus to apply themselves seriously to the mastery of the tongue.
1926: France::~Shaving off the beard was a sign of morning among the anciente. The Romans began shaving In 296 B.C. when the Idea came form Sicily. It was am We as 1700 when sharing became even a half fashion In .
1926: Roman meaeengere crossing the Alps to Gaul In (’~sear's day built shelter huts en route which were called after them and eventually gave a name to similar structures in France.
1926: France::~Co. of Paris, , in place of Mr. S. E. Hodgins, who has disposed of his interest in the agencies.
1926: France::~My first experience in preparing cultivated in garden* throughout testy dishes fiom wild greens was . There it is sown every few not many seasons ago I'M confess, weeks just as we sow pees, too, that it was quit- accidental. I A simple manner of preparing was on my way to a meadow on our mi.kweed is to cook the young shoots farm, Oak Hills, in search of the first ; in a little water until they are ten wild flowers. Along the path I noticed ; der. Then they are drained and green shoots lifting their sea. oned with salt. I p ace a layer I Ixcgan to wonder how many of the milkweed in a buttered casse-¦	MÈMÉfland sprinkle it with dots of
1926: France::~Fifty-four pieces of granite from the (piarries of Beebe, Que , will shortly be shipped to  to take their place in the eight monuments that are being erected on the Belgian and French battlefields to commemorate the heroism and hardihood of the Canadian Army (’m weigh fifteen tons each, and they will he used as the central shafts in these memorials. Each central block will bear inscriptions in English and French describing the event commemorated.
1926: A law yer Is a member of the >ar |Q view of its contribution to the food simply beeauee he has been actually 8Uppiy Qf the world and the agrlcul-admitted past the bar used in courts tural wealth of North America. Its ditto separate court people from the wit- covery pr0porly to be noted In the nesses or spectators. The expression, futures connected with the centenary “~brought to the bar," was used in calibration of Ottawa, now a city of France when an average of fifty per- ! gucb engaging beauty and charm that sons were daily taken before the actual |t Jg often falled ..The Washington of bar before being sent to execution
1926: France::~The poplar* In the field# of  Are golden ladles come to dance; But yet to see them there is none Hut ! and the September sun.
1926: France::~The poplar* In the fields of  Like glorious ladies come to dance.
1926: France::~- # Corn ford, in "Spring Morning."
1926: England:France:~It was in England that ooai-Ur or, as they are now called, aniline dye* were first discovered. France grraped the Idea and started large dye-works. But both  and  were outstripped when German scientists, working fçpm the groundwork of the English chemist Perkin, entered the field and made German dyes world-famous.
1926: France::~Paris, , Oct. 1*2, 1920.
1926: France::~is also In use In ) should , adopted, but eventually agreed on “manucure” as being nearer the Latin original. The word ‘'manipulate” Is to come up tor discussion room
1926: France::~New World In .
1927: Gathered from all section»~ of France, ture remained predominantly Teethe Norman host had spread out In a tonic. History shows that In all casee at range country. Condition» were un- where one race adopts* the language of
1927: France:Canada:~According to reliable report from arranged between the two countliee overeeee, negotiations are under way and the excellent advertising which Above the gold the sunbeams fling In London and Paris for the organisa- haa been effected for Dominion goods j with bird-songe drifting through, lion of two new steamship services in the Republic, there should be no God's glory is a richer thing, from  to , this enterprise great difficulty in further increasing And sweeter singing too. being attributable in some measure to Canadian exports to that country with
1927: LmnMcux, the company will begin ©~per- France, atlng a Hue of steamers to carry jmipwood., and furw. France is a heavy In distant chaos wrought, freight end passenger.-* in the very importer of Canadian canned salmon, God's glory, infinitely far near future, and ports of call will in- haviug in the paet fiscal year taken Transcends our feeble thought, elude Montreal, Quebec, mud points in 173,693 cwt. worth $1,912,015, and also !
1927: ward»~ the development of Canadian |n 1925 and $633,094 in 1926. Importa export trade with France rather than (ions of aM kind** of furs are large and increased purchasing from that coun- 'certain kinds of‘tomber are purchased try. Them»~ is urgent need of this, to to a substantial extent. In addition, spite of Increased sales in the pent war France last year purchased 2,883,420 period, to adust the balance of trade, bushels cf Canadian wheat worth $4, Even facility to effect this to afforded 324,865, hut bought r.o Canadian manu-by the Franoe-Canada treaty arranged featured flour. An important Item of a few years ago under which agree- import 'is Canadian agricultural marnent Canada granted to France, the chlnery, Franco being the largest pur 1 French ootonie»~, possessions and pro- chaser of harveaters and binders, mow-federates, intermediate tariff and mg machines, and hay rakes. Other favored nation treatment geoershy, j important Imports in point of value whilst France a worded Canada an are wrapping paper, clover seed, bacon equally preferential treatment with! and hams, condensed mUk. lard, and advantage» equal to the most favored |n,hber tires and inner tubes for nation
1927: France::~This lra:le treaty, together with the advertising effected by the Canadian exhibition train, which toured the Republic in a very thorough manner, exhibiting at every centre of any sixes has tended to elevate the value of Canadian exports to  and approach nearer a point of a balance of Male» and purchases, lu a repré~senta- tagne's experience is that of thousands live year before the war, 1913. Canada of <*ber mothers who have tested the rold to France only to the extent of worth of Baby's Own Tablets. . The $2,664,603 white purchasing from that Ablets are a sure and safe medicine country to the va ue of 115,632.144. ^ uttle ones and never fail to regu-The Dominion's purchases from the ^ t^e bowels and stomach, thus re-Repnhlkr In the last three twelve- paving all the minor ills from which months' periods ending July have been j children suffer. They are sold by respectively $16,984.103; $18,020,674; medlclne dealer* or by mall at 25 cts. and $20.664,047. In the same three a box from The Dr. Williams’~ Medl-pcxlods Canada's Bales to France have cine Co., tirockvllle, Ont. been $17,173,782;	$14r|HgmgHHHgHggmH
1927: Canada:France:~ conetistenUy purchases goods from  to a heavier extent than from any other country' after the United Kingdom and United: Stales.
1927: Japan:Germany:~As a buyer of Canadian goods however, France has not held her position and to now exceeded In value of Imports by , , Chine,
1927: Canada::~Netherlands, Belgium, New Zealand and Australia. With the amicable relatione existing between  and j spoiA of Cotton—‘~Tm glad I'm not France, the advantageous trade treaty ft pincushion."
1927: Canada:France:~Expansion of trade between Canada and Cuba is to be expected as the result of arrangements which have recently been made between the two countries for the extension of mutual trade preferences. Through negotiations, made on the one hand by the Canadian Minister of Finance while! on a visit to Cuba, Canada will receive' preferential treatment from Cuba .and j the products of that country will he admitted to  on terme eimUarto those extended to  and other favored nations.
1927: France:England:~here and there, for Instance, whiic1 given in , in , and in ating the forest lands within the lim-.by lumbermen who hold concessions from1 old‘	f ]d d fogether British Columbia 6. The total mill-
1927: A’i>o«~<t card from France, dated May 14, from our old friend, +'RWb ' ; Whitman (formerly manager df the Merchants Bank here) teW* of his arrival with Mrs. Whitman in that country, and that they are -overseas on a two months’ hofVkty Mr. Whitman for some years past lias been manager of the Bank of Montreal in Stratford, Ont.
1927: France:England:~ and .
1927: Donald. In these, attention is drawn prove that they have been know n to mirvv)v(i for the Sarawak Government, dares that Lho Canadian outlook Is ahettj of Libert R. Michelsen, Siam-1 an impulsion by King Edward, who to the conditions of labor In the cmim- break loose even In Parliament. Some ^ totai area covered being one of brighter than It has been for >•~	* ford, Conn., plumber, hts nearest com-	to France the following year,
1927: France:Germany:~Generally, the recent efforts to aub-Mitute a policy of Franco-German rapprochement for the Franco-British entente will receive a\check. There Ls every reaeon for a closer accord between  and , but not at the expense of the quarter-century-old entente cordiale.
1927: France::~wines of .
1927: France::~Treaty Mooted for  and I are
1927: "I should like to see the we â~dd the correct number of gallons formation of a treaty of commerce I of stock solution, each gallon of which , between England and France," said represents one pound of copper sul-M. de Fleriau, French Ambassador pbats.
1927: France::~words, the crux of the situation is 1 have avoided mentioning the exact that, while Britain wants free trade quantities of copper and lime used be-to reduce the cost of making the goods caU8e they vary according to the crop it exports,  clings to a tariff on which the material is to be used, in order to retain the home market for For *PPh* the usual mixture Is its goods.” /	known as the 4-4-50 formula. This
1927: Sir Philip Cunliffe-Lister, president meene that tour Pounde of copper and o the British Board of Trade, who four of lime are used for each fitly responded, brought this out when he **llon* of solution, said: “~If it be the desire of France On stone fruits a 3-3-50 or even a to make the proportion a tittle fairer 2-2-00 formula is preferred, owing to between the two countries, you will the greater tenderness of the stone-find me very ready to do b usinées with f|*u*t foliage. For the usual garden In the year 1926, however, while «~Prays th 4-4-60 fomula Is usually all sent to France over £~31.000,0001 that. Is required, although some grow-worth of manufactured goods, France .era go as high as 6-6 50 for a few crops. £69,000,000 worth, and of that] There is just one more thing about
1927: France:Italy:~it dirts with the earth. Gracefully, I Zogu of Albania may disclaim all n* lastly, it skims closer, throttled so low spontlbllity before the world, that a fast motor car could out dis- Actually Jugoslavia (backed by tance It. It touches rises again, | ) and Albania (backed by ) wheels spinning from the contact—and j have been snapping and snarling at airily circles the field. Now It lands, each other for so long tht If war should
1927: France::~tlon train In  and Belgium a	the American elde of the border,	cockpit and Faith upon the left? Does	pilot to see hit landing gear; shock
1927: France:Germany:~mann (respectively foreign minister# of Britain,  and ) had power last week only to scan the Albanian note, make It a m^tt^r of record
1927: France::~siona sent to the Dardanelles In 1915 might have been thrown against the Gormans In  But to what good purpose ? The British New Armies were used up there in 1910 and 1917 without appreciable results In a manner of which Marshal Forh, in his preface to Field Marshal Haig's Dispatch» s, said adl>
1927: Canada:: know a nation in the fullest F'rom Al,|p<1 P°lnt ot view Gal-, dltlon — undoubtedly well-founded—~; aen*e The union which was effected : l,poIf was tlln bitterest tragedy of the that ships are at an enormous illsail the Coat of Arma which Canada has in 1867 and In the aix .succeeding years Wilr 11 rt«»appolnt««~l the one real : vantage In attacking forte or land j chosen as her national symbol. The has been followed through the genera- hopo ,h# or|K|nal Allle* bad of win- batteries wan rashly Ignored by the ancient stock from which Canadians ttona by a spiritual unlit rat Ion and a nlnK 1,16 war unalrte<l- R wns the one Alltod naval expedition. Hut at the hare sprung Is represented on the symmetrical development of the na- ' atratcK|tal conception of ambitious : Dardanelles there was a factor offset-quartering* by tho leopards of Kng- ttonal life of Canada until on her !ecope end *em,lue value on the Allied ] ttng the natural superiority of land land, the lilies of France, the lion of sixtieth birthday her clllr.en* can lcok Bl,le-the only counter thrust to tho | defenses. That was the poss blllty-HGotland, and the Irish harp The m w with pride on their achievement In a|, ortglnal German drive on the western or to say probability-of Turkish lack nationality made up of these element, flekts cf human endeavor	| front- whUh P|nnml lllfl b,llk of tho 1 of Preparedness. Had the Turks an
1927: and in sxoes.iiva nationalism. And Li™. *" readlly “~ndemtand France.
1927: France::~John James Audubon was born In 1776, on a plantation in New , then still a dependency of the Bourbons. His father was an ex-otiicer of the French navy, and he early instilled into his son a love of natural objects. Almost in infancy he was led to tak»* a lively interest in the
1927: France::~London Daily Mail (ind. Cons.): An English resident In Carls asks whether it is not possible for the British Legion to organize a ceremonial visit of officers and men to the scenes ol their trial and glory in . Jt is much to he hoped that such an organized visit may be possible In the immediate future country could only send a representative selection of the men who fought, seeing that the total of British troops who from first to last were engaged on French or Belgian sail was 5,399,000. of whom not very far short of 1,000,000 forever rest in the land i whlc hthey defended.
1927: 1A DOCTOR’~S PRAISE France builds new defenses
1927: France::~uila, Impoverishment of the nervous	tlon in  and Belgium of the	Forest), but will be executed with far
1927: France::~tion. What, it was asked, had 	at present being done, since
1927: France::~to rely upon, as a barrier agalrot pos- from Strasbourg to Bale  holds sible re-invasion for the third thncj^ ,ine of the Rhine in perpetuity,
1927: France::~undertook this thing. His design was discovered, and he fled to Turkey. But he took his obsession with him, and when the war was ended, he saw a method of getting an indemnity out of  with it—~a method by which he could enrich himself at the cost of France. He worked out his plan carefully; he came to Paris; he got this house. He was ready to put his plan into effect when, unfortunately for him, the mysterious visitor of last night appeared.
1927: France::~Diplomate Hospitals of Paris, .
1927: France:England:~. . . We must inspire the conviction that a Socialist victory in Germany,  and  will mean the consolidation and organization of peace, and that a victory of reaction would deliver Europe to new catostro-phes, catastrophes such as the imagination refuses to invoke
1927: The long hours of the afternoon drag- ]ow roa(hter on the drive. Sh? resolved gzd away. Sh? was miserably alone; at once to keep a brave front in his her mother was out of the city, even pr*çence, mostly because of a greet old Roze, her colored mammy, did not goc>(j-sportsmar.€hip that Peter had km w of her grief and thus could not found and loved in her long ago, and come to comfort her; and Ivan—on part!yv per hap 3, for purely feminine w hom, in the se past months, she had rea&jns that w ere—by a bn g stretch begun to lean—was in high commun- cf the imagination—almost disloyalty ion with the gods as, his voilin tucked p€ter> memory. She had always under his clear-cut chin, he practiced car-d to appear at her best in Ivan’~s Socialism win in France. Germany lovingly in his studio.	Ipri^ence. She sdfcretly wondered if »~"<* England a sufficient authority
1928: ships’~ stores on vessels arriving from England and France, were infested I authorities in with the turnip gall weevil, an insect reported to have occasional serious injury in Europe.
1928: France:Italy:~calm and dignified attitude In face of the attacks which she has received at the hands of Italy. There can be no thought of conflict between these two great countries who fought alongside one another. Italians died in Champagne for  ; Frenchmen were killed for  on the frontier of the
1928: Germany:England:~the order of their buying are, tq ie. France, , ,
1928: «WOO,000 and £~2.000 000 worth j nJ toow , told ,ou It was a sin to France's total being £~1,846,000, and ^ w88te(u, ,mt what has that got to Japan's £ 1,664,000. America » buy-1 wl(h yiiaf wearing a short dress lng la light. The total Australian wool thatT» -well, It 1 wear a long ¦ales, so far as they have progressed l fro< k „ke you wallt me to, I'll be want to date, represent a value of £10,109,- about ten shilling*' worth of silk 000 for 675,676 bales.	! ,t0,klngF.'-
1928: France::~Karl Douglas Haig, distinguished soldier, com mander-in-chief of the British armies in  dur ing the world-war, died suddenly .Monday shortly after mid-night at the home of his brother in law, \V. G. Jamieson, in Prince's Gate. He was 00 years old.
1928: France::~Mrs. Mnlaprop as regards her speech. * It "And what in ," asked a friend, i pointing lo one small boy, "surely you
1928: Bristol schoolgirl, who belong»~ to the ; moemfontein Frlend; years ago) talk of founding an academy like that light aeroplane club of that city, sue ,	went muvh further In the ne-1 of France to purify the Turkish lang-
1928: France::~1828. in Nantes, . Who has not heard of him, or has not read one or
1928: There is, In Bagdad, an American wa8f therefore, "suggested to the boys’~ school and an American girl s governments of Abyssinia, France and school. Of the former, Dr. Calvin K. Italy, as the present regime has not Staudt, recently of the American Uni- worked smoothly, that it might be adversity of Beirut, is the principal. In vantageous If all four anticipate the other beneficial activities Americans genprai coming into force of the Gen-prominent in Bagdad and throughout Irak.
1928: Italy:Japan:~Referring to the various embargoes accepted by Great Britain, with France and , under the tripartite agreement of 1906, and with these powers and Belgium and , under the 1919 convention and 1920 agree-
1928: husband Is able to sup- llamfl. Plnk PIUe| and ; got a half automobile Instead of the train for L __ * ?. * f Wim11S£~L in	her ,s not on,y to Bhow 0,le8elf dozen boxes. I had only taken them traveling about France, tried to buy a
1928: fre to see how much he would be al-Whether you are seriously ill or |0wed on the old machine, merely feel easily tired and out-of- "Monsieur le President,”~ the sales sorts, you should try Dr. Williams'	joanager said, "France owes you too
1928: France:Poland:~J. L. Garvin In the Ix>ndon Observer (Ind.)i We know that we speak for the vast majority of people In the Mother Country and the Dominions alike when we repeat that the special and separate diplomatic commitments of  to  and the Triple Alliance never can be allowed to prejudice the relations of the Englishspeaking peoples amongst themselves nor to Impede the broad advance of the American plan Jor the banning of war.
1928: France::~(for old Birds)	!  and Europe |	......	wiling is not serious.
1928: France::~need careful watching and may be 1)Iate with observatlcns and recom>wlib boiled rice.	against .	Broke through and through and height ^ the farmer and la In good demand
1928: France::~safe	to	give the youngest	Infant; you, 	plans	to	Introduce	good	nhori call at the West	Indies. He In-
1928: France::~A veteran of the fiercest fighting in  tripped on a shoe string, fell headlong, and broke his neck steeplejack who had just performed breathtaking feats on a skyscraper stumbled on a curbstone and was crippled for life. Latest statistics, reported in Popular Science Monthly, show that the average man’s chances of being injured by a fall are almost as great as of -being maimed by an automobile.
1928: France::~Lescar, .—Marguerite de Va-
1928: France::~The contingent remained encamped at Salisbury Plain during the winter of 1914-15, which proved to be an exceptionally wet one. The First Canadian Division proceeded to  in February, 1915, followed in May and June by the Cavalry Brigade (dismounted) and the Motor Machine Gun Brigade.
1928: England:France:~recruited In Canada and passed on to . The Second Caandlan Dl-, vision was organized and proceeded, to  In September, 1915, and together with the First Division formed the Canadian Corps. The of character
1928: France::~leed In  In December. In Aug- cess; It cannot but succeed, lo a
1928: France::~was formed In Kngland In the early h, thla Bplr|t hath all. It part of 1917, did not proceed to  g no ,tlplllation, for earthly and eventually. In February, 191», was „ctty_doe, not ask, In the abso-broken up and Its personnel used as ggg |u trust, even for the as-reinforcements, with the exception of „ of ronllnued life.—R. the divisional artillery, which went	¦¦
1928: France::~to  Intact.	Bmeraon.
1928: France::~tober alone 260 persons filed on land died in . She was Betty Led-	Watches 75 Cents 3.-Splendid farm in the west end of
1928: France:Poland:~to be imported from , ,	®hlest girl got Into very bad health. \
1929: France::~ing well the part which fell to him QUr lagt scotch importation tells just as the master builders of 1,600 and . Outside Is the cross.
1929: «MÜ~ngact^makiog France oWi*.	porpmof nominating
1929: France::~Of the 32,500 army trucks and ambulances left in , by the
1929: France::~system, to be most effective, also re ,ng vlse for the ailments of their little ! IbanCZ Monument for  quires a free air circulation, so that oneg Among them is Mrs. Howard the cold air in every room can rapidly Kingf of Truro, N.S., who says;—'T , ^ memory
1929: France::~Menton, .—A monument
1929: “~Bury Me In France* Napoleon Is shown In these documents In a new light—a man stripped of all illusion the old Napoleon—the Emperor with hopes of world power—la seen, expresses the hope that one day a “Bonaparte will in truth rule over the world!”
1929: France::~burled In , on the shores of the Seine, amid the people that I
1929: France::~have loved so much BHB that the Bourbons will have any objection to my being burled in . It would be a magnanimous gesture their part. Perhaps somebody will erect a little column over my I will be satisfied. But If the
1929: France:France:~The French and Belgian Governments have agreed to run a joint aviation service out to Madagascar, large island colony belonging to  and placed tfe the eastern coast of Africa, writes the Paris correspondent of the Christian Science Monitor. The itinerary is being mapped out now by Commissions, so that the route may be opened soon. French and Belgian pilots will fly alternately, according to the provisional agreement, and the line will start from eBlglum, cross , the Mediterranean, the French Sahara, the Belgian Congo, a strip of British land, and then over a few miles Df sea to Madagascar.
1929: France:Germany:~ against , but the situation has been cleared by the frank explanations given by the Belgian Government."
1929: Alone, unaided, with nothing save fumee are as sought by women as are his mouth In the way of a tool, be^French frocks. Realiilng all this, the had built his nest—~and Soldier, mind American Chamber of Commerce In you, was no bird.	| France last season devoted an entire
1929: France::~Soldier's eyes ward green, a pecul- Issue of its eicelent and most readier opalescent green. The upper able monthly bulletin, called Foreign parts of him were likewise green, ! Trade, to the perfumes of , but his underparts were a blend of • Study of this number of Foreign •liver, mother-of-pearl, and vivid Trade Impresses one not only with acarlet.	| the material progress of tte perfume
1929: France::~He was one of the little people of industry in , but also with the the Water Folk, his length being I fact that back of It Is high romanee about two Inches—whlfch la not bad and long tradition. The oldest housè
1929: France::~He found a female, a commonplace-1 Houbigant tells us that, although looking "bit of stuff" she was, too, but the use of perfumes In  dates a female.
1929: ; “Then there was the little girl of than $1.*00>000, lavender being pre-the Fresh Air Fund—so neglected and ferred above a11 others» followed close shabby that mission workers had to ly by cranium, a«d then rose. No collect clothing before she "could be ^nger Is a Lafayette or Franklin made presentable enough to go on a h"ded to recommend to Americans picnic,— to-day a finely dressed, self- “~le8 Parfums de la France.” respecting business woihan of more
1929: France:Italy:~ and , and l ranee and ««something must be done about, of the Soi bonne. Then II moved over class.	Venetian clas. lndependet but supercilious. A dose previous threat-or would he, backed
1929: France::~the  of to-day, but from a for- jgter cannot even receive foreign elgn invader as in 1914, from a Bol- gue9ts in the manner in which they ahevlzed Europe, or possibly from ;are entitled to expect to be received, treachery within, which unfortunately They have t0 be asked to tea (as it is greater to-day than at any time In were) instead of to dinner. That Is
1929: France::~that .
1929: France::~Philadelphia Ledger; It Is reasonably certain that the people of this country have no wish to be hard up-. Indeed, the terms of the Mellon Berenger agrément, which in effect conceled tbs principal of the French debt and arranged for the pay-
1929: France::~_# meat Britain  Mexico, the Famous military and concert bands are a novelty which are expected to,Toronto. The most liberal conditions TTnirot, states and elsewhere have ap-1 pea red in former years at the Cana-! prove a sensation at the Canadian ' {o be found at any meeting in Can-un	dian National Exhibition. The high National Exhibition as they have out- a(la are included In this program, instandard has been maintained this doors elsewhere.	eluding a three per cent, entrance fee
1929: France::~now, on to a broad, white thoroughfare, with a summer sea showing white horses at the foot of the cliffs, and tall, square buildings, with myriads of lighted windows, looking towards .
1929: France::~suffering intensified by being forced to	land, an area as large am  or
1929: France::~particularly dangerou-. In childhood 'ttUe of ,rance (or hie discoveries There are very few deaths tn m this ! disease among grownups; It takes and the	war with ,
1929: France::~1 Economlcus In the Review of Reviews <London): The centre of financial gravity has moved from New York to Paris. We are no longer anxiously watching America. We are watching , who has been busy converting her foreign balanes, dollars and sterling. Into gold. It Is alleged that the movement Is the result of the shifting of private balances, hut Inquiries go to show that official balances, the balances of the French Treasury, are also being moved to Paris. Whatever the cause of the movement, it Is occasioning serious ehmbarrassment to this country. This country has made great sacrifices for the gold standard. It Is doubted whether the Industrialists and business men would have agreed lo return to gold at the pre-war parity, had they been able to foresee its consequences to Industry. But we relied upon the rest of the world lo play the game as we did. None of the other participants in the war have done so.
1929: Italy::~of service and others are warranted So  might well be given the good name by an exhibition of Inef-to clean satisfactorily? —~ Christian mandate. But neither France nor ficiency and supineness.
1929: France::~Ottawa	river.	describe	it and all have failed. The	, the Chevalier de Repentigny
1929: In 1925 Australia sent us £~72,637,109 worth of goods, while our good neighbor France, with a producing population at least eight times greater, sent us £65,042,372. To put it In another way, every man, woman, and
1929: Child in Britain spent £~1 8s. lOd. In X ACCURATE TESTS, CHECKED BY ONTARIO GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS France's shop and £1 12s. 3d. in Aus- f tralia’s shop.	. I
1929: France::~of  during the most
1929: France::~tical stage of the Great War, and it is believed had one less resolute and lacking his determination been in that position at the time, the cause of  and the Allies would have been lost.
1930: France:England:~of the herd had to be curtailed reindeer run very wild, and we caught very few when we tame back from . They were taken care of by the Canadian Government. Some of them have multiplied very largely in the Island of Anticosti, and the exportation from labrador to , Labrador being only 2,000 miles from liondon, will be so much easier than that from Alaska to New York, that know very well when the times comes this exportation will he of great service to the Empire.
1930: United States:France:~Including principal and interest. Great Britain will pay to the  S11.105,965,000 during the next 6 2 years.  will pay over the same period $8,847,57 4,104.17.
1930: France::~These holds are circular and Many a man whom	nuny * /	,	long	walk	through the mud!
1930: France::~Lorraine from the bleeding side devastated and conquered ; sent position.
1930: France::~negotiating with foreign banks in the hope of arranging loans and is understood to have dispatched many cables I lie cap- fo |iaiy and  on tills urgent
1930: start should be made to de\clop this	7th, when the ship's boy,«Jim , «~q|ie cau8e 0f the foundering of the France and Italy have imposed high
1930: France:United States:~Tho situation is chaos by compari-with the steady organized progress of the United States, Germany, and . Across the Atlantic the Wall Street slump will soon show itself to have been not so much a bruise as a stimulus. Those do not know the  who think otherwise.
1930: France::~States, already many times richer than wo are, is reducing taxation. Within the Protectionist system to which  is indissolubly wedded-let there be no mistake about that—~ her output of motor cars this years is ten per cent, larger than our own. And this year, for the first time, Germany is exporting more machinery than we are, and steadily overhauling us in other ways. It is absolutely certain that if our political quarrels on these matters go on as now the last vestiges of our old commercial supremacy wil pass away.
1930: Germany:England:~than, in England. The reason for that is that France and  both know the Soviet better than you do here in . The Morning Post
1930: France::~The new North German Lloyd Steamer, Euro pa, on lier maiden voyage last week from Cherbourg, , to New York, beat all previous records for trans-Atlantic voyages—her time being 1 days, 17 hours and ft minutes.' The Europe ib 930 feet long, has a breath of 101 feet, and has accommadation for 200 passengers and a crew of 975 men,
1930: France:England:~and said that his immediate return to. Denmark, Germany, , Belgium,  was imperative.
1930: England:Germany:~Visit ini! , Scotland, ^ Denmark, , Aus- »~ tria, Italy, Switzerland and ^ France.
1930: usa:France:~Heaven alone knows how many hearts since the time of Adam have hungered for It or how many poets, Interpreting the longings of humanity, have put that hunger into words. Columbus fell under Its beckoning a pell. Drake knew It. Champlain knew It. Livingstone knew It. Kipling sings it In "The Long Trail" and "The Gypsy Trail." Service voiced It In a dozen of his songs of a Check-ako and Sourdough. Thonds of soldiers chanted It on the roads of : —
1930: France::~The Idea of breeding dog* for their mental powers, rather than for appearance, was conceived by Gustave Michaud, la .
1930: France::~Paris, .—The French Acad of Medicine wants all French
1930: France::~The academy has ordered posters printed to be sent all over , posted in schools and in homes. They read:
1930: have i fountain erected in this park years ago but his wages have been "In Memory of the 1»~ >y* of l outvie only a little more than doubled, and who served in France during the W u dthough the value of each ton of
1930: Britain's claims are embraced in the! Mm y Kate could not remember Falkland Island? and the Ross Depend-; anyone ever doing that before—~any encies. France claims Adelie Land, j outsider in the pew with mother and Kerguelen Island and the Crozet j 1‘*r?elf and Mart and Tom and the group, St. Paul Island and Amsterdam1 £~ir:;<, and Utile awed and blinking Island. The United States claims in P‘t- The cold dark starry night out-the Antarctic are based upon the ex- the big church warm and scented of Lieutenant Charles in 1844 and Admiral Byrd’s i plorations.
1930: his prisoner, still in nun’~s dress but now considerably dishevelled, were on their way back to France, to be met at port by two grim-faced men armed with handcuffs. In a little room they began their search. They found what they were looking for concealed in the nun's rosary, and Gaston Klein was formally arrested, tl pays better to have a drug-runner arrested on French
1930: France::~from the tree which grows In front of the house of Mr. Melanson's father In ; a piece of an apole tree from Acadia; a piece of wood from the school where Mr. Mel an son made his first studies; a piece of the first desk he used when he Joined the railway; pieces of steel from the "Samson" and "Albion," the first locomotives operated In the Maritime Provinces; a piece of lumber from Mr. Melan-son's first private car, No. 34 of the Intercolonial Railway, and a piece of
1930: Arras, Nov. 26.—~From the Somme to the Y pres Salient, Prime Minister R. B. Bennett, of Canada, accompanied by his si«~ter, Miss Bennett, and by Major General Sir Fabien Ware, vice-president of the Imperial War Graves Commission, today traversed the old Canadian battlefields. It was, on Mr. Bennett s part, a pilgrimage of homage to the Canadian dead who lie in France and Flanders—a pilgrimage which began at Amiens where the Canadians held the spherhead in the last great drive of the Great War, and ended at Y pres, where t he Bennett party planned to spend the night.
1930: France::~the work of peace has not cut, vegetation covers the old And the old devastated areas of  have almost disappeared.
1931: France::~become even more their colleagues , after they have had to cope j with handling not only the 2000 an-1 tomobiles of Addis Abeba, but also j elephants, rhinoceroses, hlppopo j tamuses, lions or hyenas which ma> happen upon the scene in the Abyssinian city. Two of the "agents" went to Abyssinia on the same steamer carried Marshal Franchit d'Esperey as representative of the French Republic at the coronation of Has Tafari as Emperor of Abyssinia. They had been preceded by one of their colleagues who went ahead, It may be, as a scout.
1931: England:France:~opinions concerning him *ave those rich Jews whom his words indicted, whom iiis lifo reproached? question is asked, and answered, by James Waterman Wise in an article in the Jewish Standard. Straus' position was unique. We doubt if Canadians would agree as to who to the greatest Canadian. There would be no unanimity in the United States, in Germany, , or . But there wa t, apparently, this agreement ibout Straus, which argues an extraordinary man Indeed. If lie had not been a wealthy man he never could have accomplished fur the Jews of the world what he was able to accomplish. But his money >vus the least important thing about him. That is the way he looked at it, too. On ono
1931: “~The same In France and Belgltizu where the masses rise up a: las against those who have hurled there to death.
1931: France:Japan:~In submarines the United States navy Is strongest with 83;  comes next with 82. then  with 67, and Britain fourth with 58.
1931: France::~"In Km ope every country haa been Buffering from depreaalon. , one
1931: Italy:France:~Ion that ha* tress In places like  and in Herman y. Factories are closing In 
1931: France::~It Is estimated that every fourth per son in  has a savings account, the public banks and postofflees alone
1931: “Oh, all right," he said; “~but I Canadian Manufacturers' Association economic stability in France, has shan't hold my tongue. You, with your lying ways, doing a chap out of his own home and his mother."
1931: France::~Famous graveyards of the sea art , discussed in a recent bulletin of the I National Geographic Society. Among I them is the Pointe du Raz, one of the 1 most dangerous headlands of  because all ships coming south out of the English Channel bound for Bordeaux, the Mediterranean, Africa or . South America must clear its toothed and hungry rocks.
1931: i “~It is to France what the Goodwin Sands and The Lizard are to England, ai <1 what N au set Beach on Caps
1931: France::~origin best known as U ol .
1931: England:France:~Apart from the a flowers, in  the pLraroso is worn on the birthday of Lord Bea-ronsfield. On the anniversary of Parnell's death ids f< Potiers wear v. sprig of ivy. The Jacobites wear white roses on June 10. In  the Or-1	wear white daisi	:
1931: France::~geography of  | and pastimes are Included.
1931: (CENSORING PLAY’~S IN FRANCE.
1931: There la no censorship of stage play»~ in France, yet in recent weeks several Parisian offerings either have been modified or removed on Indications from the prefect of police. The outstanding case has been The Dreyfus Affair." which ceased playing at
1931: usa:France:~It is difficult to imagine bangles being so heavy that the hearer can scarcely carry them, but such a sight, writes a corespondent of tho Christian Science Monitor, was witnessed the other day oil n hill road near Simla. However, the Tibetan hillman who carried the load was carrying several thonds of bangles 111 a sack the weight of which bowed him down. These bangles are thin, many colored circlets of glass, in many instances manufactured In  and Austria, and they are very popular in India, where the women delight to wear thorn. They cost little, and there aro shops In Simla and Delhi, and other parts of India, where the entire trade consists in the sale of those bright wristlets. Indian women take rare pleasure In clustering around these stores admiring the dainty bangles, so an Indian husband seeing this Tibetan carry his wares into tho town might well have said, "There goes a man with a load of mischief !”
1931: Scraping removes less of the mineral •~	---- ,.al injury. Many suggestions were , hours	Epidemic of Beards in France or belted lines. Hip length models
1931: France::~AT campaign has been started In  against what is called the “pernicious habit" of licking stamps.
1931: France:Italy:~When you learn that nearly 12,000 Mount Cents was the first point of fl|ins have been issued from Holly-attack. As early as 1857, a tunnel was ' wood In the last sixteen years, you started to connect Modane, , ' wonder how they thought of titles for with Bardovecchia, . The tools them all
1931: France::~Such a method Is the outcome of a conception of art directly opposed to one long dominant in . Writers of our ro.nantie and pseudo-realistic schools have never quite forgotten their rhetoric, the incomparable models which Racine's tragedies offer to us ip their alternat ng speeches. If natural speech is made to express thought, the French generally hold that written speech should express It more completely and in a more perfect order; hence tho ideal of good writing by which Mir public judges even the dialogue In a play or a novel. The English, more indifferent to logic, have tried above nil to express the real,' complex and fragmentary, and In their conception of the real they Include tho many-sided world of tho mind— a reality Ignored by the realistic Zola. | The advantages of the method are obvious. It has a peculiar power: tho thing of which wo catch halfmysterious glimpses gains in effect, and is charged with emotion which would evaporate in the crude light of the foreground. The illusion of reality Is produced, the foreground being occupied by ordinary pe do and things, while trifles mask matters of profound import Finally, it appeals to our intelligence, urging us to think. It is not the author, but ve ourselves who observe and interpret What a ph*a-( sure it is to watch the characters, to guess all that is concealed! amusing discoveries we make!—From “Three Studies in English Literature,"
1931: France::~banks <>f  and Eni nd. Less Some object to linen for garments - , niar shipments are made alas it creases and wrinkles readily and j most in the ordinary course of events, d	’ take dye well, and hence airplanes being often used to trans-
1931: France::~his Artllliclal dauphin of .
1931: and volumes were lent to add to its attraction. Especially interesting was Famous Cathedral Psalter," written in tho cathedral cloisters about the year 1150. by tho monk Eadwine, the breviary given by Archill, hop Chichele to Henry V. or Henry VI. and now lent from Lambeth Palace Library, historic registers containing the charters of archbishops and kings and Papal Bui’~s of tho twelfth and thirteenth centuries, and such details of monastic income and expenditure an I ho record of 1 .COO gallons of wine given annually to Christ TMiurch by tho Kings of France.
1931: France::~At the latter are to be seen and tasted the most delectable viands of the fruitful land of . There
1932: France::~ing gone overseas found land regiment at the begin-and served in  and
1932: France::~ciated Press, the following steps, lng of the Bank of  as an ex- _	_ ,	,	„ f	, ,	___ lnce records on the Harricanaw River
1932: Mr. Allison-Booth criticizes the French Government’~s treatment of prisoners from the French penal settlement in Guiana. South America, who went to fight for France during the war. "The convicts were promised." he says, "that they who served with honor and came through alive would be pardoned." Then at the end of the war they were sent back to the horrors of penal life In Guiana.
1932: In the first part of tho line fought for three years Pierre Oaaton, of Bordeaux, was captured by the Germans, but escaped and crossed No Man’~s Land at the peril of his life in order to return and fight for* France. He won the Croix de Guerre in battle. Many were killed. When the armistice came tho survivors entrained and thought they would he demobilized and set free to return to their homes. Crowds cheered them and gave them wine and tobacco Marseilles, their uniforms were taken and they wore given convict and then they were
1932: But M. Clement Vautel, writing in the “~Journal," objects to the new rule in number, on the ground that policemen and detectives have very little in common For Instance, the ft rmei must have ai France 2,000,000. certain physique, wherean your Slier-! f^ondon's trams are expected l> lock Holmes may he a delicate dwarf show a deficit of 1**8,000 on the finan and yet succeed in the unravelling of vial year just closing, the greatest
1932: France::~Contending with storm* and engine trouble, Amelia Karhart Putnam sue-reeded in Hying aero** the Atlantic alone, in record time, the first woman to accomplish the feat, and did it in record time. Her objective was , but engine trouble caused her to land in Ireland.
1932: France::~Paris, . Established 1820
1932: Germany:Japan:~1 land, fifty-two ; Switzerland, fifty-one; France, fifty ; , forty-six; , forty-four and India, twenty-three. Statistics also show that females have a greater expectation of life at birth than males.
1932: France::~Paris, . Established 1820
1932: France::~Fines imposed on hotel keepers who fail to report to the police with'n twenty-four hours that they have given lodging to foreigners have been greatly increased. Foreigners wishing to remain in  more than sixty days formerly were required to obtain identification cards from the police. Now they are obliged to get such cards after staying only two
1932: France::~of .
1932: France::~Regarding reparations,  cannot permit those rights to be contested which are the outcome not only of treaties but of contractual agreements protected by the honor of the signatories, drawn from the sovereignty of law it must sooner or later fall under the empire of force.
1932: France::~The number of foreigners who have fled to  from their own counstarvation of the tyr-
1932: France::~The secret police are responsible for surveillance over political exiles who have sought refuge in 1* ranee. Whenever one of these is caught engaging in any kind of plot against the existing government in his own country his identification card is withdrawn and he is summarily expelled from .
1932: France::~Paris, . Established 1820
1932: France::~The General Fire Ins. Co. Paris,  The Hartford Live Stock Ins. Co.
1932: Canada:France:~  Treaty Must Wait
1932: France::~Paris, . Established 1820
1932: Poland:Spain:~The list of countries that will man stations in different parts of the world Includes Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada. Denmark, Great Britain, Estonia, Falkland Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Japan, Mexico. Netherlands, Norway. . , Sweden, Switzerland, and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and Turkey. Even nations that do not appear i) n this list are not indifferent to the Importance of the Second Polar Year.
1932: France::~The General Fire Ins. Co. Paris,  The Hartford Live Stock Ins. Co.
1932: Canada:France:~In the left calendar year the United States led with an exCanada s customs aud excise reven. port of 82.457 passenger cars and 48,-ue In August decreased by $1,807,-1 248 trucks compared with 339,813 pas 830 from the figures for August, 193L 1 senger cars and 196.758 trucks In 1929. In the first five months of the cur other countries which rank above rent fiscal year, the drop was $3,-  In automobile export are the 531,886 compared with the same per.; United Kingdom and , the dlf* iod a year ego
1932: France::~Soap make it specially suitable 6000 feet for babies, and its clinging fragrance reminds one of the roses of  which help
1932: France::~Paris, .
1932: France::~Siam, an elephant brought by Napoleon I from Egypt to , still lives on at the Budapest Zoo. The French Kmperor received Siam as a gift in Fgvpt and took it back with him to Paris; but It was such a wild animal that it was a constant source
1932: France::~Franc registers the fact that tin Francs settled or overran  and
1932: France::~The General Fire Ins. Co. Paris,  The Hartford Live Stock Ins. Co.
1932: Though he is a representative of the British aristocracy, nephew of tho late Viscount Haldane, and son of Prof. J. Scott Haldane, also a famous scientist, Mr. Haldane is exceedingly dé~mocratie, from all accounts. He doesn't mind going into a cafeteria and eating in his shirt-sleeves, as the reporters saw him do on the Cornell campus M ustached and partly bald, he Is only forty years old. His firm mouth is offset by a niai sparkle in his eye. lie was a captain in tho Black Watch, one of the famous Scottish regiments, in the war, served in France and Irak, and was twice wounded. Mr. Haldane was in Ithaca attending tho recent n-teruatlonal Congress of Genetics when the reporters got hold if him for an interview. He smiled at them genially from the ^teps of one of the college buildings, and let go with a lot of ideas about what he thinks society should be.
1932: France::~Paris, . Established 1320	_	I
1932: Germany:France:~If  in seeking to re-arm, then it Is quite certain that  will not consent to reduce her own armaments; and wo shall see the opening of a fresh race In armaments, with all its menace of unrest and disaster. Such a situation would be tragic Indeed, is it too much to hope that the German people may realize, before It Is too late, what the attitude of their Government means?-^London Dallv Mall.
1932: Paris.—~ A tunnel which in a few months is estimated to have saved motorists in France more than 500,000 francs ($20,000 at 25) has been officially inaugurated at Yen ne, on the eastern edge of FrFance.
1932: France::~Paris, . Established 1820
1932: France::~h : returned to  he was reading I °r other pain, but there is one thing translations of what Russian | that will always give you relief! Just
1932: France::~"In comparing air charges for parcels or urgent packages with those by surface transport one must of course remember,' an official of Imperial Airways pointed out the other day, "that speed has to he paid for, and that time is money. Bearing tills in mind, the air fees now charged, in comparison with surface rates, offer clear value for money In view of the time saved. The air charge for a two pound parcel from London to Cairo Is. for example, 4/2d. For a similar parcel by the fastest surface route, via  postal charge is 2/6d. The air Journey saves five clear days.
1933: That is what A. J. Villlers. writing Hay of Biscay—difficult and dangerous In the N. Y. Herald Tribune calls the work at that time »~inner of the great Australian to Fug- some medals In France for the cap-land grain race of the surviving wind- tain If he ever goes to collect them.
1933: France:United States:~Roads." Professor Baxter says. "An examination of manuscript material In Paris, London and Washington shows clearly that , not the , played the leading role In the Introduction of Ironclads.’*— Detroit News.
1933: France:France:~Bank of England Janitor changing a ticket on bank's gold stores , paying England's war debt lng to change tickets on gold reserves of the Bank of  Bennett dining with Rudyard Kipling, describing him as "Poet Laureate of Empire.".....Belgium and  for-
1933: Montreal.—~Ten tons of Ontario onions, believed to be the first lot ever shipped from Canada to the French West Indies, will leave Halifax for Martinique on the freighter Chomody on the day before Christmas, Marti# Ique is the island on which the Em-j press Josephine of France was nor#' and brought up.
1933: France::~x in a lottery failed in his action. PfCe suinably he failed because the ticket was purchased by the Ottawa man when visiting in . The defendant in the case is a rich man, but few or nob =•!> wished to see him lose, regarding •the action by the Carp citizen as unsportsmanlike, and feeling that there would be just as much moral guilt in his getting the money as in the other man getting it. The law ought to be amended without delay to prevent any further actions of the kind. If ft person is to lose his winnings in a lottery those winnings ought to go to the state and not to an informer. The law says that there «~hall be no lotteries in Canada, except those conducted for church or chanty, but the law is constantly broken and no protest comes from any audible source against it. It is a law behind which there is a lack of preponderating senti-A great deal of money crosses the Atlantic from Canada every year as an investment in lotteries conducted in Europe. Very nice prizes in the form of cash are sometimes realized by the Canadian investors.
1933: France:Canada:~The National fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: the pastor, Rev. Russell McGilliv- H. Lucas, Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Lucas, natural return of his voice. King struments that measures changes In I — ray, who sang the solo, "I Know Mr. and Mrs. W. I). Lucas Mr and ,ost tllut SGns(’ through wounds re- the force of gravity the places w here | not what the Future holds ot Mar Mrs. Norman Williamson Mr ini \l»~< ceived in France. He enlisted on the | the earth is buckling.	I	j
1933: France::~Douglas Gervin John McVredic ! bestcr, Mr. and Mrs. T. M Brown, Mr.	fleid hospital in , then to Kng-	They bdievc it may cross through M*"*	°Pfn; Reserve	oue	immediately.
1933: France::~liambery . Mrs. Aga Khan
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: France:Canada:~The Hational Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: France::~For a century after the fall of the fortress in the middle eighteenth century, the settlement was empty. Houses decayed, the chapel fell into ruins, the brickworks and shipyards went to pieces. Only a tradition remained when the first English colonists came in. A century before, the French villages had taken their canoes and small boats and travelled down the Mins river and across the head #f the bay to Mira Gut. Overland they went to the fortress and were transported back to .
1933: Italy:France:~The camel which became famous for having carried Napoleon Bonaparte during his campaign in , will go to the new Napoleonic museum, which the Baron Gourgaud is completing on the Island of Aix. The camel was brought back to  and when it died it was stuffed and put away in the museum of the Rue Geoffroy-Saint Hailaire, in Paris.
1933: France::~while 517,771 men are commemorated whose graves are not known. The country where the largest number of British dead is thus commemorted is , with 530.847. of whom 213,017 are unidentified. In Belgium there are 184.712. of whom 102.424 are unidentified. In Europe a total of 908,621 deceased men and women are commemorated.
1933: France:Italy:~The question is whether the world is to disarm or Germany to rearm. If anyone ever doubted the intention of a German Government to profit by the failure of the Allied countries to make good their pledges, he would be little likely to doubt it with a Hitler Administration In office. From that the sequence develops automatically. Germany rearms. In face of that real or supposed menace, even a Radical Government would fall immediately and M. Tardieu and M. Marin come in to rule in the Poincare tradition. The Little Entente could no more ignore the spectacle of a rearmed Germany than could , while along another line of consequence  would, of course, increase her army and fleet and air force pari passu with the French bloc. What in the face of those developments would he the use of convening any World Economic Conference at all ?—Spectator (London ).
1933: usa:France:~Although its origin is somewhat obscure, it is known that its title came from a hospital of St. John founded at Jerusalem about the year 1070 by certain merchants of Amalfi, who organized themselves as a religious order or hospitallers. * he order grew rapidly and developed into an international, military-religious lay confraternity for the relief of crders, and was later sovereign in Rhodes and afterwards in Malta, from 1530 to 1793, where its knights kept galleys and galleons to attack the Barbary Corsairs SIM to prevent the spread of Turkish the Mediterranean. In the latter year the order was driven from Malta by Napoleon. and the majority of the knights, being of French origin, returned to , while the Italian knights settled in Rome.
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: France::~tiful surroundings of woods and moor-Cherbourg, .—Cinders and | lands near Lake Uddel.
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of  '
1933: to August, 1914 further aw ,i\. to deal very with ruthlessly with Kitchener’s shortcomings. I wonder how they will deal with the charges in General John Charter!*' "At G H Q.”~ that Mr. Lloyd George was responsible for the starving of our military strength in France before the Germans so nearly broke through in March, 19IS; and also for protracted Intrigues aiming at the removal of Haig as Commander-In-Chief. In whatever way Mr. Lloyd George may deal with these and
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: France:France:~membership, M. Camille Harrere, formerly French Ambassador to Italy, spoke of the English author as a great living poet, a philosopher who had deeply meditated upon human conduct, and a faithful friend of , loving her for her virtues and full of indulgence or her shortcomings. Ills latest volume, "Memories of ." showed how these qualities had also led him to understand and love their couu-try.—Toronto Mail-Empire.
1933: Paris.—~As the first direct result oi the recently signed Franco-Canadiail trade treaty, France has granted Canada a tinned salmon quota fol 13 months beginning next October of 74.GOO quintals, with a value of 30,000,000 francs, as compared with the
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: France::~victory in  in e liminating with the entry into Mon$ | Armistice 1 lay. HUS, and after his
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1934: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1934: France::~of  to get warm, million people manage to live through the English winter, and they seem none the worse for it, and 1 feel unconvinced that these debilitated women are doing any more than follow a silly fashion, when they migrate winter to the Riviera. Torquay
1934: France::~Royal blue wool crepe is still an- mimosa, in the South of , other nice medium made with long] How sombre and sad are the live
1934: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1934: usa:France:~dropped to 14.6 per thond. . | M" la^ a,,d physical help th
1934: Paris.—~Gaston Dou morgue, now Premier of France, pronounces his name in two syllables; mayerg.”
1934: France:England:~tuall.v to . When asked her why she sent the ring to  and brought !t hack Miss very likely Dolly said she did no: l:r-ov; that j In case of a show down
1934: England:France:~ quartered with the lilies or ; and so round the bend to Moat and right ahead the
1934: the Advancement of Science was told, is supported by principles of air me- I will soon be necessary for a pilot to I and regulates the deportment of prê~chantes developed in Germany, France | gain a doctor of philosophy degree in sldents, ambassadors, ministers and
1934: St. 1 amis, tin* pî~itron saint of France, especially during the? centuries of the old monarchy, is known in history as Dionysius, the first bishop of Paris, in the year 270 he and his companions Î2 85 suffered martyrdom. The bishop's body was Imried at a spot about five miles north of Paris. Somewhat Inter a chapel was built over the grave nml It was a place for pilgrimages during the Fifth and Sixth centuries. In the year 030 King Dagobert built an abbey there, and later buildings of like kind still stand there. One is occupied by a school for daughters of members of the Legion of Honor, founded by Napoleon I. A town grew up about 7	401 the* spot, known then as now as 8t.
1934: France:United States:~This statement, prompted by years previously a number of the European nation*, including Germany, , Sweden and others, as well as tho , demonetized Silver, and, as a result, the price of silver dropped from sixty pence per to twenty-nine pence between
1934: to the export of gold. In effect, then, to oratory and abuse. —~ Few of us the United States will he Kiying at ever turn our critical ability on our-least some of the silver acquired out- selves. — The trouble with most side its own borders, by the payment books is that they are nine-tenths reef gold from its huge store. Super- has and only one-tenth new ideas. — fiicially this redistribution of gold By the time a husband will stand might seem to he in line with require- without hitching, he’s hardly worth rr.ents as defined by many of the | owning. —~ It is a pleasure to do world's leading monetary experts. But no effective redistribution of the yellow metal will have taken place if Jt merely moves from vaults in the U.S. to vaults in Paris. France already has more than 100% gold coverage for her currency.
1934: France::~newspaper, on his impressions of the United Kingdom and  as
1935: France:Germany:~ and , and even in I?lcthods seriously, although his be-	. u/FnniNC	---- and after Ierd Iveagh had died, some
1935: Italy:England:~Florence Nightingale was born in Florence. Italy, in 1 sgo. She studied nursing at the Protestant Deaconess institute at Kaisevwenh, (ierniany, and made a study of hospital methods in England, France. . (Constantinople and Alexandria. When she returned to , she gave valuable aid to the ragged schools and similar institutions of London.
1935: I Boston, New York, Chicago, Paris, Illustrated prophetic mé~nages of i France and London, England, who have great importance to this day and age tried but failed to get trusses to hold will be given each Sunday night. A their ruptures have been cured by my large sized chart which reveals the inventions. 1 have the evidence that course of satan, the church, the Holy ! will substantiate what I say.
1935: France::~The Canadian war memorial on Vimy Ridge, , site of one of the great _	1. of the Canadian Corps, will be
1935: France::~He Is known In  as the father I organization but that seems tu be all,
1935: if air dueling, which changed the mode of nlr fighting considerably. In February of the year 1014 lie mounted a gun in such a position that it was aille to fire through the propeller of an airplane, which was a mode of lighting. in 18 days he Is crédité~ 1 with si looting down five enemy planes. He was brought down on the day of Ids last victory. April 10, 1015, and was taken prisoner by the Germans. He was unable to destroy his plane, which lhe Germans copied, and his Invention was no longer a secret. He later escaped and returned to France, lie was killed in aerial combat in October, 1018.
1935: Who has just been appointed General Sales Manager of Christie, Brown and Company, Limited. Since returning fiom Overseas, after four years’~ service with the Canadian Corps in France, Mr. Young has been connected with the company in the capacities of Cashier, Office Manager and District Sales Manager, in Winnipeg and Toronto. He organized and opened branches in the new Western Canada division and since 1933, has been Manager of Plead Office branch in Toronto. His appointment to hythm, Flowing Rhythm and Tone General Sales Manager of the Rhythm	Company is a popular one in the
1935: France::~e In certain parts of  the bride’s wedding costume has salt into the seams to ... 1 Head all about this and other customs of gripping interest, in wonderful NEW PICTURE BOOK FOR CHILDREN.
1935: France::~On a lonely hillside In the A Une, children fr0m the tiny neighboring village of C ou longes place flowers on t.he grave of Quentin Roosevelt, soil of the late President, who was burled on the spot where fell In aerial combat during the World War. This tribute of 's childhood was paid during Jio
1935: pastime called “~paille maille." It The Coopers and the sharp-shinned originated in southern France during hawks are deserving of their reput a-the Thirteenth century and was intro-	tjon	ns predators, an authority states,
1935: France::~antiquity lie the obscure beginnings of	modernized in  into croquet as	properly classed ns beneficial
1935: Italy:Japan:~05.8 percent, of Germany percent, of France percent, of . ’s decline was approximately 47 percent., t>he only major exporting nation with a better
1935: France::~CANNES. ,—The Prince of would ! Wales started another craze in men’s fashions recently when he appeared the wa erfrfont with a pleated enrd belt fastened with a five inch silver anchor. Dealers, swamped with orders, rushed demands to
1935: England:France:~Fake employment agencies are to' The pyramids built by the Aztecs justed youth in , or , be put out 0f business in Britain. | several hundred years ago, were of, or Australia, or elsewhere.	j ' The Ministry of Labor is consul-' great interest, Mrs. Flint said, and
1935: France:Italy:~When  and  sponsored | Ethiopia for membership in
1935: France::~There is always something new to write of La Grande Chatreuse, the headquarters of the famous order of monks founded by Bruno in the Eleventh century, among the almost inaccessible mountain valleys of Savoy In . To wander through the intricate passageways and slits in the walls is to be reminded of the ancient rules of the order, which permitted no monk to see another.
1936: France::~Its maximum speed Is 75 miles an hour. It was designed by Henri Mlg-j net of .
1936: Germany:France:~In Britain among the dead are Karl Haig, Mr. lionar Law, Lord Oxford, Lord Haldane, Lord Curz.on, Lord Carson, Admiral Fisher, Lord Jelli-coe, Lot'll Birkenhead. In , von Tirpitz and Himlenburg are prominent casualties,  has lost Clemenceau, Poincare, Joffrc, Foche Lyautey, Nivelle and Manzin.
1936: France::~Lord (in war days Rear Admiral Sir David) Beatty, who is 64 years of age; General Sir Ian Hamilton, 82 Lord Allenby, 76. In  there is the comparatively young Marshal Petain, aged 59; and Marshal Fran-chet-d’Esprey 79; General Gouraud,
1936: France::~dom spotted a more striking bit of	But they have conquered the	diffi-	When he was In  reviewing I them jn their protest against the
1936: Italy:France:~The Alpine system covers nearly the whole of Switzerland, a great part of Northern , several departments it  and a large port of Austria. The hls.urlcsl passages of the Alps have been those by Alexander the Great. Julius Caesar, to attack the Bel-
1936: Russia:France:~crossed the Alps Into Russia, only to find that the retreating ns had left Moscow In ruins. The greater part of the French array died In recrossing the Alps Into .
1936: France::~An unusual museum Is situ alert In tills ancient capital of Normandy writes a Rouen. . Vnlteil Press
1936: France::~aided with . Plainly Rhineland occupation is neither of those. So settle down with your affairs and occupations and go about your business. At present, anyway,
1936: France::~Strikers marching In , Nazis-------------------too many brainy people without ade-
1936: France::~During the last ten years the number of fatal motor accidents in  has been trebled. The number of persons killed last year was 4,737, as compared with 1,594 in 1924.
1936: France::~dnv In nicotine, sent tobacco Feeds to  about If,00. Within five years
1936: France::~Mrally all the territory surrounding -lie Mediterranean sea.* as well as , part of Britain and Asia Mi* Nero dispatched an expedition In
1936: Four “empire" nations—~Great Prit iIn, Soviet Russia, France and tin Fulled States—each has fi larger slum if the earth’s land than of its people together these four control more that '	*i7 per cent of the land surface of tie
1936: I Hiring the war I found several swarms •~f bees near the battlefields of France; managed to hive them In boxes, and placed them In sheltered places the autumn we returned to take the honey, and found that a Frenchman hud moved the boxes only a few yards from their original stand two days before we arrived
1936: (However—this may disprove the 1 men who had proved their valor on theory—~Miss Virginia has gained I the battlefields of France and In the
1936: France::~which in  Is celebrated only by unmarried girls. On the eve of the Festival Polish lads who wish to determine their future mates write on slips of paper the names of all the married or single, they know.
1936: France:Japan:~Total trade increased with numerous countries, including Germany, ,  and Brail.
1936: According t«> the nutl the general opinion as to tin* 1 of playing cards t> that they we vented by n painter, one (irlnget for the diversion of era-.y ( ’liar’~ of France, about the year 1 Ha run llelnekin places their use In (iertnany a score of years earlier, wIdle allusion is made in Hritish (’hronleles to the game of "Four Kings" played hi 1377.
1936: France:Canada:~"Ip is not used in rope making \, Russia, , India and parts of he United Stales and  are the Idef hemp producing countries, llemp be raised several years In suction and three bushels of seed are equlred to plant an acre of ground, ac-ordlng to n writer in the Indiana Turner's Guide
1936: According to Mr. J B. Brown, of I control traffic nn.4 guard going the British Columbia Vimy Pilgrims, coming school «~Lildren at 280 street a no organization in France did more ciossings. During the first years for the Canadian visitors than the périment Boy Scouts were so French Boy Scouts. Apparently standingly alert and efficient that
1937: France::~As one Journeys along the Rhone In  from Avignon, It becomes sn easy matter to explain the famous maps of the "Path to a Young Woman's Heart,” which the Courts of Love, held here In Seventeenth century, delighted In making.
1937: France::~Cyclists in , where one man in every si., uses a bicycle, pay 12 francs a year in tax.
1937: France::~Following the opening prayers the Rev. D. Andrews addressed the Young People on the unveiling of the Viray Memorial speaker gave a vivid picture of the journey to  and of the actual unveiling of the YVar Memorial
1937: France::~. ; ad Lady Baden-Pi well were In Paris to attend the celebrations marking the 25th adversary of the organization of Scouting in . On Sunday the Chief Scout reviewed gotre 20,000 Scouts and Guides, and attended a great gathering of Scouts a' the Sorbonne.
1937: France::~The highest decoration of the Republic of , the insignia of jrand Officer of the, Legion of Hon o r. was presented by President Blum at the Elysee, Paris, to Lord Baden Powell, Chief Scout of the World.
1937: The Island of Iona, the sacred Isle of the Hebrides, off the west coast of Scotland, Is the btrthstone of Scotia’~s nationality, culture and religion, and the Church of St. Columba might be called the Westminster Abbey of the land, for It contains royalties of Scotland, Ireland, Norway and France.
1937: Japan:United States:~Compared with the corresponding figures for a year earlier, the number of registered unemployed persons has declined in Australia, Belgium, Bulgaria. Canada, Chile, Czechoslovakia. Danzig. Denmark. Finland. France, Germany. Great Britain, Hungary, , Latvia, New Zealand, Norway, Rumania, Sweden and the .
1937: France:Poland:~In sonv. countries the number of persons employed in industry is now larger than In 1929. The figure is lower than in 1929 In Canada, the United States, Belgium, , Czechoslovakia, Luxenbourp, the Netherlands,  and Switzerland.
1937: France::~paper. I have said that your daily Jn  the cost of living graph newspaper comes into the home by I c„mblng a stm steeper incline. | request—more than that, it is paid Tbe rjse jn juices there threatens to ! for because it is wanted- That is wjpe out tbe pI0fits of the recent de- j important to remember, because it valuatjon- jt j3 giving the Blum Gov is your insurance that your mes- ernmcnt gerious concern. Charles Spi- ;
1937: France::~Satisfaction and warning were the I wn.y ^  andS|ta!ntoGihraltar
1937: Germany:France:~Havlland china Is made at Limoges. France. M. Charles Havlland established his works here In 1840 to make porcelain for the American market. Dresden china Is really Meissen china. The Meissen porcelain factory was established by royal patent In January, 1710, by Johann Friedrich Bottger. whose works were equipped in the castle of Albrechtsburg overlooking the town of Meissen, , a few miles west of Dresden. Sevres. , Is the location of the factory making chinaware bearing this name. It was established here In 1750 with the IInan dal aid of Madame de Pompadour, the factory, with the entire personnel,
1937: Russia:Germany:~The Basset humid has never been overly popular in America and perhaps never will he so long as the little beagle and the domestic hound continue to serve their masters of the hunt In appearance and form the Basset occupies a place of first importance In the lives of those who must hunt In appearance; in form the Basset resembles a cross between the daschuml and bloodhound. Somewhat larger than the beagle it Is more tenders! ung with a face and head resembling the bloodhout d. It comes In two types; long and short-haired, the former being the most popular field dog abroad. Its greatest popularity as a sporting animal is confined to France, England.  and . Its color Is that that fits any “hound."
1937: Motion by Comr. Wilson, that Kev.l ln Q2irlsttan art Ills bones, discov-A. F. Pokes be asked to act as Deputy I ered |n and token first to Alexan-Examiner and Rev. T. E. R. Nurse as drl^ tben t0 Constantinople, and final-assistant at the June examinations in t0 yienne |„~ southern France, are the Shaw ville High School—Carried. ga|d t0 have performed great wonders .Notion by Comr Argue to adjourn—] {Q Eleventh century, during an
1937: OTTAWA.—~Canadian stink bugs are being given new homes in France and other European countries.
1937: Canada:France:~Dr. Arthur Gibson, Dominion Entomologist, said the stink bugs are bought by European Governments in the same way  is buying Hungarian parasites to attack the sawfiy that is ravaging Canadian spruce stands. A shipment Is now on the way to .
1937: France::~Adolf Hitler is said to be making proposals of a twenty-five year mutual peace and protection pact with , Belgium and Great Britain as potential signatories. Present at the delicate negotiations being carried out in London are Anthony Eden, Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin and Chancellor of the Exchequer, Neville Chamberlain presence of Mr. Chamberlain is but another indication of the changing times as Stanley Baldwin prepares to hand over the duties of office to his successor. Should the conferences being conducted at the present time prove successful, there will be a great many sighs of relief, not only in Europe but in almost every part of the world. Here are just a few of the things such a treaty would accomplish. It would obviate the possibilities of a close German-Italian
1937: France::~Over in  there is another change and the possibility of a happy ending to a royal romance. Mrs. Simpson is no more. Her name was changed the other day by permission of the court to Mrs. Wallace Warfield and it is said that the King will announce her engagement to Edward Duke of Windsor. Such action would amount to a family forgiveness and a recognition for the first time of Mrs. Warfield by the Royal Family in its official capacity.
1937: France::~Because of her life-long devotion to a father, an aviator, who saw duty in , Gail develops a neat father complex, with the result that she falls in love with Peter Harris, a married man, the father of her school chum.
1937: France::~polo player, but his principal recreation for a long time has been at the annual hunts in the South of . There he has been master of the hounds at Pau. ,
1937: France::~And in , a mild little man has won an amazing victory and proved the strength of his government. Faced by a financial crisis occasioned by a steady drain of gold because of unequal trade balances. Premier Leon Blum has Just won a vote of confidence. Votes of confidence are a feature of the French governmental system and supporters of governments more often than not turn against their former colleagues on the slightest pretext. Such was the case when Premier Blum’s Communist deputies ganged up against him only to be met with surprising opposition from other section of the Chamber. The Government Is now empowered with extraordinary financial powers to support the franc by regulation of the discount rate and a crisis which might have been of world Importance in view of the delicate state of affairs has been averted, at least for the time.
1937: France::~Evelyn Gresham (third from left) amiles farewell to New York I in Cannes, , where awa to her the French Count who ia rum-le sails with members of a dancing troupe for an engagement 1 ored to have replaced Rudy Vallee in her heart
1937: Italy:Spain:~A certain Mr. Charles Hooper, of Coeur D'Alene, Ida., has created a peculiar record. He Is the world's champion writer of "letters to the editor." To date he has written 78,000 such missives, and these have been sent, not only to editors In the U.S., but also to France, Germany,  and . All letters are written In the language of the country in which they are printed.
1937: France:Japan:~United States and  assume responsibility for safeguarding Chinese and ese interests there.
1937: France::~LILLE, .—Germaine Fe Her, 23-year-old movie extra, dre herself up histrionically this wee and pointed a pistol at Jeanne Cl , lime, 27, her love rival.
1937: England:Italy:~In Switzerland all railways are electrified, as many are in the South of France and some in Southern . But in  electrification has been so rapidly extended that one can now travel all the way to Rome er Naples without getting into a steam train.
1937: Holland:United States:~Five army Belgium, France, Irish Free State, , and the , have been Invited throngh the customary diplomatic channels to compete with Canadian Army Officers.
1937: FRANCE::~CONSPIRACY IN :	—
1937: France:United States:~known that Britain would follow the American lead. The United States then accepted the appointment Committee of One, backed by Britain and , to take fitting steps to end the war in China. But before the  can institute any steps.
1938: France::~A pretty wedding was solemnized on Tuesday, Dec. 2Sth, in St. .Johns Anglican Church, Quyon, Misses Eduri nud Ruth Eades and when Miss Edith Margaret Alex-Marjorie , of Carleton Place, ander, daughter of Mr. and Mr«. spent the holiday week as guests Thos. Alexander, of Onslow, Uue.,
1938: France::~In despair after a series of misfortunes, Julia Jalewska, a Polish actress, shot herself at.her villa, Nice, . A moment later the phone bell rang. It was a film producer of-
1938: France:England:~the Cleveland Plain Dealer. Alexander the Great was interest- and , then crossed e(j jn t*ne scheme for its value in to the Ami rtcan Colonies
1938: France::~FRENCH JIG-SAW PUZZLE: Everybody but  seemed to he worried last week by the parliamentary crisis in
1938: France:France:~Reason other people were worried that they feared the outcome in wobbly Europe of n shake-up in . Reason  was not too horribly concerned over the whole affair: the French government system is built that way on purpose so that the least change in public political opinion is reflected in the parliamentary setup. At any particular moment the government knows pretty exactly just how the country feels makes for greater eventual stability than our forms of government can ever hope to again.
1938: France:Italy:~I^arge areas, ordinarily unsuitable for the purpose, have been planted to grain. Under favourable weather conditions the crop from an area equal to that planted In recent years would fyruish serious marketing problems. The efforts towards self sufficiency iu food supplies on the part of many countries, and particularly Germany,  and , have also narrowed the International market for wheat and flour to a point where total overseas sales of the four Important non-European exporters have been reduced as follows:
1938: France:Italy:~writer in the Cleveland Plain Deal- illustrative of his life and death; for or. The islands are administered he spent most of his life in  according to their own laws and and 9ermany, was buried In , customs, and acts of the imperial and left his entire fortune, some parliament are not binding upon * million dollars, to the United
1938: England:France:~Norman rule in the Tenth century In lOtid William overthrew the reigning British house by the battle of Hastings, and the Norman dukes became kings of . Wars in  in the next century and a half lost them the Norman mainland domains, but not the Channel
1938: France::~One liter of gasoline of the type used by cars in  produces 500 liters of oxide of carbon. This is injurious to most trees, and is the principal cause of the difficulty. It has also been found tba emanations from the tar and asphalt used on the pavements are harmful to vegetation in
1938: France:Germany:~Japan was the United States' third ranking customer, followed by   and Mexico.
1938: France::~400 students occupied a cafe at Lille, , for 7 hour» and drank only one half-pint of beer. They were staking a protest against being forbidden tc make a procession.
1938: France::~Casein, manufactured chiefly from skim mWk, Is used in industry and is closely affected by industrial conditions. Argentina is the chief exporter of casein, accounting for about half of the total world export (818,000 cwts. in 1980).  is Argentina’s closest competitor, countries together providing over 80 per cent of the world’s exporte.
1938: France::~meeting, and asked fer ray knowledge of jand^ David (Scotland), John Polish Thaddeus Kosciuzko.wko was building costs, etc, which l gave. , (), Waldemar III (D e n • principally responsible for actual Strange stones can be tola of tbv trot marÿ an(| Amadeus VI (Cyprus), construction of the works. There i telephones, it might be arousing to say j «‘John/’ he continues, “~was at the were groups of batteries and furls that a boy went home and told ms tJme a prisoner in England. He had bristling with artillery. Only the mother that I was talking into the wall. ^een macje a captive at Poitiers most cunning treachery would have A middle aged man came into my office (%3@g) and was released on ransom made it possible to seize the strong-and asked me if I had been talking on fQur years jater> but, on arriving in hold. Arnold had arranged for all the phone. I said, \ os . He said, ‘1 pariS| found himself unable to raise that, even to the extent of having thought you were for l beard t be sou ad moneye Hjs son had been left one of the links of the great chain on the wires as I was coming in .	<	at Calais as hostage, and when he removed on the pretext of getting
1938: to fortune. If I had get into the rtood ( y^tners’ banquet was given in a reservation. More has keen oc-I might new be president o* a corr^acy compiiment to him, for we read that qui red since. Because oi the pres with an asset of $40,000 and 5*3 «~ie wag received in England ‘with ence of many foreign military en-subscribers. But, unfortunately, I was greal honor/ was lodged, as before, gineers at the Point, a seller! for swept under by the graft pf an unthank- ; ^ the gavoy and was a frequent young officers in engineering was ful, uncomprising Company. Man s j gue»t of Edward at Westminster, established during the inhumanity to man ; obligations taken ; ««~ye <|ted jn the -following spring, Washington had favored si; by fraternal societies, do not rtean a ; an(j h|s body was sent to France lstitution even before the recom-' ' “	with royal honors.”	|mendawon made by General
1938: France::~This villa at Villejuif, in Paris, , was ruined, and 13 lives lost, when ammunition secreted in an alleged Cagoulard hideaway exploded during a raid on the cache.
1938: A.—~No. This method has been In use for many years in Germany, Belgium, France and England where large quantities of the material are used annually for the purpose.
1938: ; bearing the same fruit, they did not » connect the Peruvian discovery with the fruits which the Aztecs ot Mux-» ico called “Tomatl.” j In process of time seeds of this | “tomatl”~ grown in Spain found their ; way to Morocco, where they first i became known as the “apple of Morocco.M There the Italians found it | Thorne Ccn and translated this term into “Porno del Mori.”~ When it finally reached France it became Pomme d'Amour.
1938: Reason for the pause: Hitler has to have time to digest Austria, consolidate his new position in Central Europe before going after Czechoslovakia. To take on Czechoslovakia he would have to throw a major part of his army into the field against the enemy’~s compact, highly efficient defense forces; he would have to be prepared to fight Russia, too, and perhaps France (both allies of Czechoslovakia ).
1938: France::~Fish Day In .
1938: Italy:Poland:~Industrial shares continued falling In most countries since start of the year, especially in the United States where there was a decrease of 37 per cent., and in Belgium 30, France 26 and Great Britain 22. The chief exceptions were ,  and Switzerland, where the rise has reached a new record in recent months.
1938: Canada:France:~Sir Evelyn made it clear he was not alarmed by this increasing proportion of the French-speaking population. And he was glad to note that the French Motherland, "albeit after a long period of neglect, is taking more interest in her offspring." Eminent French writers and publicists were visiting  and distinguished French - Canadians were visiting . The old and the new were being drawn more closely together, intellectually and in sentiment. But Sir Evelyn declared there seemed to be no desire for a political rapproache-ment with the French Republic.
1938: Italy:France:~REASON FOR HASTE: Now that  has concluded her conversations with Britain and the new pact has been signed, Mussolini is turning very quickly to  in the hope of settling Franco-Italian differences before Hitler comes to ma’~ e his visit in Italy on May 3rd. He isn't even asking that France first restore ful diplomatic relations between the two countries (by sending an Ambassade - to Rome).
1938: Because when Hitler comes to Rome next month ready to lord It over Mussolini and force him to fall in with his wishes, the Duce will have two trump cards In his hand—~the agreements with Britain and France. Nice work there.
1938: France::~Socrates, famous old Greek schol-_r, thought dancing kept people contented, so ranked it among the most important branches of learning, notes a writer in the Washington Post. Louis XIV of  had a lot of worries, too, so he took up ballet
1938: England:France:~A wide range and frequency of sailings between Montreal, New York and Boston and the principal ports of , Ireland, Scotland and  maintained by a vast fleet of modem vessels, led by Britain’s masterpiece the R.M.S. “QUEEN MARY”
1938: France::~Paris has the Street of the Fishing Cat, the Street of Bad Boys and the Street of the Little Pebbles. At Besancon, in the Jura mountains, a square bears the name of Bacchus. At Epinal, in the Vosges region, is the Allee of Vain Effort, while in Toulouse there is a thor-ughfare known as Jealousy street. Another has the unusual appellation of Street of Watch Your Step; still others, the Street of the Four Billiards, the Street of the Three Banquets, and finally the Street of the Thirteen Winds. In another part of , in Beauvais, famed for its cathedral, is the Street of the Salt Attic and the Street of Climb With Regret. In Strasbourg is a street with a smelly name, at least, for it is known as Garlic street; there is also a Square of the Milk-Fed Pig.
1938: France::~You may think the tandem bicycle like grandma's bustle was a passing fancy, but the tourist agencies in  don't. What three or four years they smiled upon indulgently as
1938: France::~situation in ? Very complex, we assure you, as usual. But here are the highlights: Premier Daladier’s ‘‘Radical Socialist" (not radical at all) government which came into power in April has gained a free hand to rule the republic by decree until November, has adjourned parliament and silenced all effective opposition for the time being.
1938: France:France:~While making the utmost diplomatic efforts to stave off a European conflict, the government is nevertheless organizing  on a war-time basis, ready for action. 's mobilization orders are printed and ready for use if necessary, in every commune of the republic. The Maginot line of defense along the eastern borders is thought to be impregnable against invasion ( But not so the Spanish border—there is cause for worry about that, with German and Italian armies on the other side of those mountains).
1938: France::~Born in Paris, , Sablon is	d
1938: France::~in , on November 26, 1095
1938: KINGSTON, Ont.—~William Bellinger, veteran of the Boer War and World War, proudly displayed this week a medal he lost in France more than twenty years ago. The medal, a silver one bearing eight bars, is one of two issued. The British War Office recently returned it to Bellringer. He received it for gallantry in eight major Boer War engagements.
1938: France::~of Great Britain,  and
1938: France::~Early U. S.,  Treaties
1938: France:United States:~On February 6, 1773. treaties of defensive alliance and commerce were concluded between  and the —the first fore gn recognition of American indeper.d once. Carried by sailing vessel-then the only means of transatlantic communication—~copies of the documents did not reach congress until May 2. Meanwhile, the pas sage of Lord North's Conciliatory bills by the British parliament had conceded practically every point disputed by the colonists. Peace commissioners were hurried from England to America, in the hope of reaching there before the news of the French treaties could have its effect on public opinion. They ar rived about the middle of April, but to little purpose. Congress ratified the French treaties on May 4
1938: Because she couldn’~t tell her husband from his twin brother, a woman in France has applied for a divorce.
1938: France:France:~DANGEROUS POSITION: An authoritative British review, the Economist, has come out flat-footed and said that the new position of the European democracies ( and Britain especially) is the most dangerous they have had to face within half a century. Qualifying the statement: except for Portugal, Egypt and Iraq, there are no countries pledged to stand with Great Britain ami  should a war break out.
1939: Germany:: now leads the worlJ in the number of bicycle ownei »~, there being 16,000,000, while Britain has 10,000,000, France 7,500,000, Japan 6,000,000, and Italy 4,000,000.	W
1939: Not even kings are Immune from nicknames, and history provides a great many examples—~unkind as well as flattering. The various Kings diaries, especially of France seem to have been particularly liable, and lead the way In the royal nickname parade.
1939: France:United States:~Mr. Wilson also spoke with satisfaction of the closer co-operation and mutual understanding achieved In relations between Great Britain.  and the  and also the countries of North and South America as evidenced at the recent Lima Conference.
1939: Spain:France:~or not to help Loyalist  Ja the dilemma that has been facing the government of  the past two years—more acutely, the past two months, since the Italian menace In the Mediterranean has become more clearly defined.
1939: Germany:France:~It looks as if France will go under In either case. A catastrophic picture. Should France do the honorable thing, now, by plunging in with arms and men to aid her sister government in Spain, there Is almost sure to be war. It would be the chance Italy and  have been waiting for, so long. But should  do the honorable thing, her former allies on the continent might come to her assistance —~Russia, Poland, Rumania, etc.
1939: France:Spain:~If, however,  continues to ignore the plight of the Barcelona government, she will see an. Insurgent victory in  quickly followed by Italian and German occupation. Surrounded by Fascist states, then, on three sides, she will he trapped, her lifelines to Africa (where millions of army reserves are stationed) cut off.
1939: Even the most pro Franco men In the French Government are beginning to realize the gravity of the situation. But which way to turn? The next few months, maybe . •~weeks, will decide the fate of France.
1939: France:France:~Just as a hint to Signor Mussolini who has indicated that he had ambitions in 's colonial empire, Premier Edouard Daladier paid a visit to Tunis in North Africa and took occasion to U1 andeandry that  was ready to défend her possessions. At TOP M. Daladier is delivering a "hands off" address during a banquet in a Tunis hotel. "Tunis is French. It will stay French," he declared. The parade of tanks shown BELOW wending its way through the colorful city with turbanned and burnoused desert dwellers mingling with the European sightseers was amorfg the reasons that Deladier thinks he s right
1939: WAY BACK WHENi You may believe that Mussolini’~s scheme to get Tunisia and Savoy away from France is of comparatively recent origin—that it was cooked up, perhaps, with his pal Hitler after the latter got the jackpot at Munich.
1939: France::~Paderewski arrived in New York on Tuesday, February 21, by the Us de , to begin his 20th concert tour of North America. He made his debut on this continent 47 years ago.
1939: Canada:France:~Baron de Longueuil holds the only hereditary Canadian title conferred originally by Louis XIV when  still belonged to . The present baron Is John Moore de Bienville Charles Grant, the ninth baron. His son, Ronald Charles Grant, is heir.
1939: France::~"No; I got that scar in ."
1939: France::~TURNING-POINT! Has it occurred to anybody but us to wonder why it suddenly became important to Britain and  to form a “stop Hitler” front. tog allowed Austria, then Czechoslovakia to fall under the sign of the swastika without a murmur?
1939: ind the new Franco-Britiah moves are linked directly with the Nazis’ abandonment of the “drive to the east”~ (the Ukraine and Russia) in favor of a drive (maybe) on the west which means Britain, France and us.
1939: You will ask how come we know Hitler has given up thoughts of the eastward march for the pressât . WÊfÊÊlÊKÊÊKStÊÊ~tttM in March when the Fuehrer allowed Hungary to annex Carpatho-Ukraine, to form a common boundary with Poland. That barred his way to the Ukraine. ’~Twas on that day that France and Britain sat up, startled, «~realized for the first time that they, not Russia, might be the next victims of Nazi aggression.
1939: France::~NEXT: What did the people ot  think responsible for the rare Hirer of wines produced in 1656?
1939: Russia:Germany:~Says the Times-Journal when Mr. Chamberlain was on the edge of completing a strong peace bloc (France. Britain, ) that would be the only method Hitler would understand, he told Parlia-v ment "there are many concessions which could be made to  without greet difficulty If one could he quite certain that those concessions would be used only for the purposes for which they were given and not to bolster up some strategic aim." ‘
1939: England:France:~scenic St. Lawrence route to , Ireland, Scotland and . Rates as low as $132. Cabin, $118. Tourist and $91.
1939: England:France:~A weekly service to  and  by the mammoth "Queen Mary" and "Aquitania" . . . regularly to Cobh, Southampton, Havre and London in the new "Mauretania", the "Géorgie" and "Britannic" and frequent sailings to Galway, Belfast, Dublin and Liverpool by the 20,000 ton liners "Franconia", "Scythia", "Laconia", "Samaria” and "Carinthia". Rates start at $159. Cabin, $122.50 Tourist, $93.50 Third Class.
1939: France:Canada:~On his way home from , where he officiated in various ceremonies, His Eminence, Cardinal Rodrigue Villeneuve, archbishop of Quebec, and primate of the Romsn Catholic church in , finds much to interest him as he inspects the Quebec exhibit at the world’s fair in New York. With him is His Grace Msgr. Vachon, rector of Laval University, Montreal.
1939: The Duke of Windsor’~s private chauffeur for eighteen years, George Ladbrook, the same one who whizzed Mrs. Simpson across France immediately after the abdication, is now a doorman for a swank London night club.
1939: France::~The first-three recipes, which I am offering you this week originated in  Jams" arc a necessity rather than a variety. The yellow tomato one came from our “neighbors to the South of us" who do many interesting things with the yellow tomato, which is altogether too uncommon in our country. There is nothing which excels them in beauty, offering you as they do their lovely translucent clumps of amber.
1939: Poland:France:~BEYOND DANZIG: Dr. Hans Simon, former German diplomat, and now a member of the New York School for Social Research, declared last week that Danzig is simply the stepping-stone for a Nasi policy which looks much further than the banks of the Vistula or the Polish Corridor wards world domination. Reduction of  to a state of vassalage is doubtless next on the program; a big clean-up in the Balkans (Juosglavia, Rumania, etc.); maybe another clean-up in the Baltic, then the incapacitation of .	\
1939: Sept. 1—Chamberlain accused Hitler of senseless ambition,”~ disclosed Great Britain and France had sent Berlin a "last warning.”
1939: France::~Kenya, famous tor its big game hunting, looks small on the map of vast Africa, but it is actually larger than . It is a land of lakes that have no outlet, deserts where it sometimes does not rain fur a year or more at a time, fertile, well-watered farm lands, elephants that climb mountains and tribes among Province of Quebec	\	which a wife can be bought for a
1939: France:France:~One of the striking anomalies in geography, says the National Geographic society, is that a small portion of Spain is entirely surrounded by France. To put it another way, there is a Spanish town (Llivin) in  It happened this way: When the present boundary between the two countries was established nearly 300 years ago, it was provided that  should have the “villages" of the old Pyrenees province of Cerdogne. Llivia, the capital of Cerdagne, was no village, however, but a “~town" by charter. So Spain, under the letter of the treaty, retained it, together with a fringe of land, with the understanding that it should never be fortified by the Spaniards. Today a mile-long neutral road, cutting across the intervening French territory, ties Llivia to the rest of Spain.
1939: Tht war has commenced to have its effects on ’~conferences of an international character, one of the first to suffer being the third International Congress for Microbiology, which opened at New York on September 4. Leading biologists and bacteriologists from various countries were unable to attend, fmong them scientists from England, France and Germany.
1939: France::~In 1547 a sow and her 6 pigkU were arraigned before the court at Sevigny, , accused of having killed and eaten an Infant. The sow was condemned to death, but the piglets were pardoned en account of their youth.
1939: Poland:Germany:~that  has been subjugated, ’~s broad strategy is to bring Rumania under its control, and to marshal Russia, Italy and Spain as its “complete allies”~ between now and next spring, the Manchester Guardian believes. This well-known Brtiish newspaper declares that Germany hopes that by spring the divisions released from Poland and Rumania will be in Northern Italy and that France can be taken by a German and Italian invasion from the south; while the Mediterranean Sea and Northern Africa will be made insecure for the western powers with the help of Spain, who by that time will have been brought into closer association with the axis.
1939: Canada::~This daring navigator woo Ike proud title oi "Diicoverer of ." In 1534 he made hie first voyage |nd landed at Gaspe where he planted a 30 loot cross and claimed this new land jor Franç~ois I of France. The following year he sailed up the river to Stadacena—now Quebec—where he spent the winter of 1535-6, sailing horns in the Spring, carrying glowing
1939: “Joan of Arc” is a literal translation of the French “Jeanne d Arc.” Although the French heroine was mown as “Jeannette" in the coun-ryside around Domremy on the Meuse, where she was born in 1412, she is referred to in contemporary documents as ‘.‘Jeanne.” She was railed “Jeanne d'Arc” by the French and English * because they were under the impression that she ierived her surname from a village •~lamed Arc in the vicinity of her airthplace. The only village or '.own in France called Arc is many miles south of Doremy and evidence produced by several antiquaries indicates that the name of “Jeanne’s" father was “Jacques Dare,” and not “Jacques d'Arc,” as generally supposed Therefore it is probable that the heroine's original name was “Jeanne” or “Jeannette Dare,” or, in English, “Joan Dare.” In the French army she was first called simply “La Pucelle” (The Maid), and after she raised the siege of Orleans she was known as “La Pucelle d Orleans” (The Maid of Orleans).
1939: France::~Canadian Minister to  Greets British Ambassador
1939: Germany:France:~However, data from several different sources Indicate that , heading the list, may have spent $12,000,000,000 for war by the end of her fiscal year next March; Great Britain, her Dominions and colonies, at least $5,262,000,000; and , using a calendar year fiscal period, at least $2,104,758,000 by the end of 1939.
1939: Germany:France:~By the end of March,  and the British Empire supposedly will have spent $17,262,000,000 for a war that began 211 days earlier On Sept. 2, or $81,800,000 a day. By the end of December, 120 days after the start of hostilities,  will have spent $2,194,758,081; or $18,200,000 a day. The total is $100,000,000 a day.
1939: France::~Col. George Van 1er. Canadian minister in Paris, is shown, LEFT, greeting Sir Ronald Campbell, new British ambassador to , upon his arrival m Paris.
1939: France::~From the south of  has
1940: France::~gunner had just come out of action Somewhere in . For
1940: France::~he went to  where King Henry (> 1 vc n Ht u u ' '
1940: France::~A movie news French girls kissing British Tommies in . The censors may have to get busy on this if they hope to retain feminine support of the war effort at home.
1940: France::~Spanish Town in  I
1940: France::~ed by . To put it another | monthly meeting.	.
1940: France::~a) in . It happened this way :	vice-president. Mrs. Bart Hannaberry,
1940: France::~nearly 300 years ago, it was provid- Mrs. Thos. Martin, was given by the ed that  should have the *vil- secretary. Miss Beatrice Martin, lages’ of the old Pyrenees’ province Mrs. Fabian Trudean gave an inter-of Cerdagne. Llivia, the capital of	esting account of the	rug	making de-
1940: France:Spain:~Armed invasion, pirate plunder and the West Indies setting in the struggle for domination in the New World, in which England,  and  were the principal actors, are found in the history of Nassau, capital of the Bahamas.
1940: France::~Mr. Wilson emphasized particularly the need for buying a maximum amount of goods from Great Britain and . “In this way,” hu said, “funds will be made available for the purchase of wheat and •~ war supplies in Canada, leaving the gold and foreign exchange reserves of Great Britain for use as a last resort.
1940: Canada::Everything possible must be done to stimulate ’s exports with a view to commanding purchasing power abroad. “~We are in an absolutely unique position to supply goods to Great Britain and France. This must necessarily lead I to business activity such as we have not previously known.
1940: Italy:Russia:~At worst, Allied observers envisioned, as a result of the Bren-aero parley, the formation of a three-power entente between Germany, , , which would have as its purpose the un- " disputed political and economic hegemony of Continental Europe; and the elimination of Britain as •~ political factor in Southeastern Europe, the Balkans, and the Near East. As second possibility, they foresaw that Mussolini might some into the war on the side of Hitler, joining in vast military operations against Britain and France. Thirdly, they speculated that Hitler and Mussolini might have agreed on measures to "seal up" the Balkan area against any Allied war moves. Fourthly, that the two dictators might merely have discussed economic collaboration between Germany and Italy.
1940: There was no doubt in anyone’s mind that a big peace offensive was in process of preparation by either Hitler ot Mussolini or both a different type of peace from the one proposed by President Roosevelt’~s envoy, Sumner Welles ... a peace that would be nine-tenths blackmail. It was to meet the impact of an offensive such as this, rather than of a Blitzkrieg ea the Western Front, that the people of France and Britain last week braced themselves ... the British press set up a clamor that “~Great Britain take off kid gloves and fight Germany on every fkont," wrest back the diplomatic Initiative from the dictator powers ... At the same time it was evident that the British people would choose to fight on, even against the strong security of an entrenched Germany, unless certain primary peace conditions were met: that the independence ef Czechoslovakia, Poland be restored; that the Hitler regime be removed from power; that the security of small European nations be assured.
1940: France:England:~Canadians in training in England before moving across the channel to  are making their particular section of  as much like the land they left behind as possible. One Canadian trooper erected this totem pole near his quarters. It is a replica of one on an Indian reservation near his Canadian home.
1940: France::~out-building*. Will he sold at reason-Parcels addressed to Canadian s ddiers able price f"r cash. Apply to, in  will he admitted Ly French Customs .Authorities free of duty, it was	.
1940: The French word “papillon”~ was given to a toy breed because its fringed ears resembled the wings of a butterfly. Also from France comes the basset hound, and its name merely that it is low to the
1940: Germany:Holland:~The extension of the area of combat to Scandinavia did not necessarily mean that the war would henceforth be confined to the north. On the other hand, last week the conflict gave new evidence of spreading east, west, and south, to bring more neutral nations within its scope . . . The warning speech of a high Italian authority, coupled with Italian naval manoeuvres off the Dodecanese islands in the Mediterranean, presaged that Italy might soon be in the war movements were reported in the vicinity of Salonika, considered a likely spot from which Britain and France might jump off into any Balkan war . . . Th peared to be off in the Balkans, too, with  making further economic demands on Rumania, Yugoslavia and Hungary, and seeking to police the Danube region from the Black Sea to the German border . . . Rumors of a Nazi plot to kidnap Queen Wil-helmina and Crown Princess Juliana of  linked up with growing fears that the Low Countries were shortly to be invaded by the German armies . . . but in Berlin (wired New York Times’ correspondent Brooks Peters) the belief persisted that the final decision in this war must come on the Western Front, and that steps designed to force it might come very shortly . . .
1940: Canada:France:~The Quebec government now sttiding j Sarnia to Hamilton plana, advanced by Dominion author- all wells producing gas in commercial ities, whereby Quebec province would quantity lie a few miles south ot the look after some of 10,000 refugee chil- Niagara escarpment. Exploratory dril-dren who would be brought to  ling is in progress on Manitoulin Island, from the United Kingdom,  and No oil or gas in commercial quantity Belgium, it was learned last week.	has been found in Manitoba.
1940: France::~Eleven days after the German launched their big offensive through the Low Countries, advance Nazi units in lightning thrusts through northern , reached the English Channel, separating the main French and British armies and trapping the
1940: Germany:France:~For France, the situation was seen by military experts to be not altogether hopeless. The French army had a chance at least to hold on; if they could hold the Germans for a month, the tide might turn in their favor. But if Italy came into the war on the side of  and attacked in the south, the odds against  would be almost insuperable.
1940: France::~in 874 years krieg through the air across the scant sixty-five miles of water separating the English east coast from  — peditionary Force on tinent had the choice of attempting evacuation under a rain of German bombs over the entire Channel area or facing the enemy in a last-ditch effort to hold the Channel ports avenue of escape left to them.
1940: France::~As opposite numbers for these CBS flashes, NBC has as its permanent staff a talented trio: Max Jordan, Fred Bate, and Paul Arch-lnard. MBS' w abroad Is doue by John Steele in London, Waverley Root in .
1940: France::~The IhiK to  brought , day until he could stand it no . Amentia praecox or psycho-neuro- I reated roots.
1940: UNITED STATES:United States:~: The objection in the  to sending American troops to fight in Europe was still overwhelming last week, although the desire to do “~everything short of war ' to help the Allies had been carried to fever pitch by the tragic plight of France, the frantic appeals by Paul Reynaud to President Roosevelt for aid.	„
1940: Germany::Shells from a French 75 put this armored machine-gun car of ’~s panzer corps out of the running. The French censor withheld location, but it possibly was in the battle of France at an
1940: while reiterating its policy of non-belligerency in the war, occupied Tangier, a neutralized international zone, “~to keep order"; prepared to push with renewed vigor her claims on Gibraltar and French Morocco broken off diplomatic relations with Italy ing his chops over the spoils of his six-day war with France.
1940: In Europe, the situation deteriorated day by clay and hour by hour. Hitler’~s victory over France was assured; a great game was beginning for strategic positions on the continent, which might put the Romc-Berin Axis in direct opposition to Russia, and find the Soviet Union attacking Germany along the entire eastern front.
1940: able destruction, a fateful, préclpî~- I 1. Its failure to satisfy expansion-tous step toward final overthrow, I lets who have been demanding that will be measured- not by years or [ Japan take full advantage of the weeks, of which Churchill spoke, "golden" situation created bÿ~ the tut by days or hours."	fall of France and Holland, both
1940: which may change the entire face of that part of the world. In a dispatch from Cairo, New York Times’ correspondent Joseph Levy wrô~te: "It Is generally agreed that Syria today to the key to the situation in tho Near East. Whatever happens in Syria, whether political or military, will affect all other Arab lands. Now that France has collapsed, Arab nationalist aims, political* ànîbitionl*, and the long^ream-ed-of federation of the Arab States have sprung to sudden rebirth. It to wftli the help of Britain, that the Arabs now expect to attain their mime. They want to see quick British action, action which would give the Syrians immediate moral and material support in their effort to become Independent.”
1940: FRANCE::~END OF REPUBLIC : The end of the derno-stic Third French Republic — ^rhich rose from the ashes of the Bmgdre of Napoleon III and fell imder the Nazi conquest —~ was reached last week when the French Parliament approved a bill giving ibe Government of Marshal Petain fell powers a new Constitution. And France became a totalitarian State, its motto no longer "Liberty, Equality, Fraternity," but "Work, family, fatherland”.
1940: Reviewing the year of war just coming to a close, Mr. Churchill found the scales heavier on the side of Britain. He acknowledged that a “cataract of disaster” had poured out during the last three months—~the Netherlands and Belgium conquered, France forced out, Italy in the war against Britain, Somaliland gone. But, on the other side, he said, “we have re-armed and re-built our armies in a degree which would have been deemed impossible a few months ago; our navy is far stronger than it was at the beginning of the war; our bomber and fighter strength after all this fighting is larger than it has ever been; our advantages and resources are enormous.” (British casualties in the first year of this war reached 92,000, including civilians, as against 365,000 army and navy losses in the first year of the last war).
1940: Holland:France:~The effectiveness of Boy Scout training for emergency public service is impressively illustrated by a recent summary of 125 different types of wartime good turns found by the Scouts of Great Britain. The list includes general assistance in A.R.P. work, policing air raid shelters, filling sand bags, acting as blackout guides to the aged, infirm, mothers, children and new arrivals. In some places they are relieving telephone operators. In the Thames River Emergency Service they are stretcher-bearers, signallers, etc. They serve in hospitals, make splints, collect spagnum moss. They assist the police in traffic control; older Scouts act as special constables. In the task of evacuating children they are invaluable, their tireless feet running hither and thither doing a host of things, from acting as escorts to cleaning out empty houses to be used as billets. They are orderlies , for air raid listening posts and balloon barrage units. They are most alert coast watchers. On the farms they are helping with the harvest, repairing hedges, milking cows, picking hops, collecting or chopping firewood. One of the strangest Scout jobs is gathering acorns, chestnuts and rowan berries for animals in the zoos. They have found numberless ways of assisting the refugees from , Belgium and , meeting them at the stations, supplying them with food and guiding them to their billets. In a word the Scouts of Britain have met the greatest day-after-day test that has ever faced Boy Scouts, and have more than vindicated the aim and motto of their Scout training, “Be Prepared.”
1940: pendence of thought, find m place for their talents in Nazi-dominated countries. There will be a considerable exodus of this type of men from Austria, Czc-cho-Slovakia, •~ Poland, France, and other occupied countries. Since the last war Canada has made very substantial progress in the development of its literature, and every addition should be welcomed.
1940: Holland:Poland:~Among the 521 refugees in Hemsey, London, are representatives of Belgium, France, Czechoslovakia, , , Malta, Rumania, and Hungary.
1940: France::~adian Goverment after capitulation of and Clarke, this Council grants , sunk by enemy action. Twenty- permission to said Committee to keep eight of her crew, moàt of whom Can- Highway open through this mnmcipal-adians, reported missing.	ty.—Carried.
1940: Spain:France:~In the event of a war against , siege guns could subject the Rock of Gibraltar to a continuous bombardment and airplanes could oambard^it from Algeria and Morocco, a British* war admiral recently -:lated. The rock, he continued, is intenable in a war against Spam dub would be exceedingly unpleasant to live on in the event of a war with .
1940: France::~chine off the map? Would It wait until , Belgium, Rolland, Norway, countries full of grave unrest and widespread sabotage, turned against their masters and tried to throw off the Nazi yoke? Would It begin with large-scale military operations In the Axis rear — the eastern Mediterranean?
1940: But Hitler, as we have all learned by now, Is a master of the feint. With everyone’~s attention concentrated on the eastern Mediterranean, he could hardly choose a better moment In which to make a thrust through Spain (a whole Ger-divlsion was reported to be poised there) to blitzkrieg Gibraltar and close the door of the weet-, Mediterranean with the help of the Vichy government, once France was persuaded to re-enter the war. Thence on to Dakar onel Frank Knox, Secretary of the U. S. Navy, envisioned such a possibility when he declared last week that the fall of Gibraltar would be of “immeasurable”~ Importance to the United States If it should result In a German move dotai the west coast of Africa to the vicinity of Dakar, which Is only 1,600 miles from American shores.
1940: Holland:France:~vakia, Poland, Albania, Denmark, Norway, , Belgium, , already under the Ndzi-Fascist heel, only the loose ends —~the Balkans and Spain mained to be tied into the “new economy”.
1940: Spain:Italy:~No one knows who invented the craft of knotting, though Britain, France, , and  each claim the honour. But knitting was known long before these countries became civilized, and is mentioned in the Bible fishing nets of the Pharaohs were manufactured on this principle, and in the account of the Crucifixion we are told that Our Lord wore a garment “without seam, woven from the top throughout.” We know, too, that the Anglo-Saxons knitted, for our word “knit” nas an Anglo-Saxon origin, being derived from “enythau,” meaning threads woven together by hand. The Scots claim to be the first knitters in Europe, and offer as proof the fact that the French knitting guilds adopted as their patron saint St Fiacre, a native of Scotland.
1940: France::~He declares that the Might of the German airplanes over  and Britain last autumn and winter and their flights over the neutral Low cording to the extension service of I Countries were not aimless flights, the University of Nebraska agricul- but were made with the view of ture college, the life of such rugs | making a topographical map of may be prolonged by resizing them
1940: Holland:France:~all , Belgium and . First thoroughly clean the rug by I with accuracy to the height of each shampooing and let it dry. Then hill and the depth of each gully tack it napside down on the floor without once setting foot in Allied and apply a solution of one part | territory, glue (one-fourth pound) and eight parts water (two quarts). • If the
1941: Germany::Egypt, had dropped to near zeio. Mussolini was on the hottest spot since the invasion of Ethiopia in 1936, faced the possible early loss of his African empire, pins his islands in the eastern Mediterranean, plus his grip on the Adriatic. The Duc es hold on the Italian people at home had been loosening ever since his entry Into the war; last week it looked as if he would have to cope with serious internal unrest and Increasing German intervention In Italian domestic affairs. He might even have to submit to ’s taking over control of his armies. Spain’~s rapprochement with the United States and Britain, Turkey’s newly-signed trade agreement with Britain, Marshal Petain’~e refusal to place all of France and her fleet at the disposal of Hitler, constituted three major diplomatic defeats for the Axis.
1941: France::~was assassinated in .
1941: France::~Few people know that the Third Pyramid of Gizeh, in Egypt, was erected by Xing Mycerinus to commemorate Nitokris, a very leautiful maiden who was the original Cinderella, ing by the river, Nitokris lost her slipper. A great eagle swooped on it and carried it high over Memphis, where, finding it unpalatable, the bird released it. The slipper fell into the lap of the King as he sat eating a peach in his garden. He was so struck by the strange incident as well as by the beauty of the slipper and the shape of the foot that he immediately instigated a search for the owner. She was found, came up to expectations, and because his bride, and it was to commemorate her that the pyramid was built. The original slipper was made of fur, but the story came to us through , and in translation "fur” was changed to "glass.”
1941: France:Spain:~Creeping Up On Gibraltar Preparations for Hitler's advance upon the British western Mediterranean stronghold, Gibraltar, were much less in evidence last week, although every sort of behind-scenes work was doubtless being done. Before he could thrust In this direction, Hitler would have to secure Petaln'a permission to allow passage of troops across , Franco's consent for passage through , It would bo real something, however, if he oou gain possession of the French fleet, based at Toulon.
1941: England:France:~Frederick Grant Banting was born at Alliston, Ont., Nov. 4 1891, a son of William Thompson Banting. He received his early education in his home town, attended Victoria College, Toronto in 1917. He enlisted in the Canadian Expeditknary Force and served in Canada,  and , finally, in 1918 Ontario and Quebec are getting ready medical officer of the 44th Batallion, toreç~eive, what is hoped, a large num-he was severely wounded in one arm at ber of visitors from south ot the border. Cambrai, where he was awarded the Advertising in leading j>eriodicals in Military Cross, and was invalided to United States, Ontario holds forth the England with blood poisoning.	fact that she has no taxes on meals, no
1941: France::~9	.
1941: France:Japan:~fere with Japanese operations In the Southern Pacific, which is a matter which concerns only the Netherlands, the United States, Britain and , who would seem well able to take care of their interests so long as China hangs on to 's coattails/’
1941: Canada:France:~One suggestion Miss Willkie made was that Canadian wines should be given breathe the spirit of  instead of recalling old . French wine, never
1941: “~Our climate is so different from that of France. We could give our wine the same sort of bouquet but we are chiefly concerned with making a palatable product from Canadian grapes. The result must be judged on the merit of the product, they taste differently, Ontario wines are in no wise inferior," she said, adding that the cutting off of French wine supplies would make very little difference to Canadian wine consumption because importations were never on a large scale.
1941: France::~The girl Fanny was a child with no background save one of violence and catastrophe, a child who grows up into a life of courage, gaiety and self-forgetful devotion. As an old woman, living In a small town in , she tells her story to a sympathetic Englishman.
1941: Russia:France:~Which Way to Jump The biggest intangible* in the whole Middle Eastern situation were the attitudes of Turkey, Russia and France. Last week none of the three had yet thrown Its weight definitely on the side of either Germany or the Allies. Turkey, outflanked and all but outmanoeuvred, was in a pretty hopeless position am far as helping Britain was concerned and could be counted on to do only what  advised. The latter, though obviously not liking the latest German thrusts down Into the east, evidently did not feel that the time was ripe for taking action.  was sliding inevitably, albeit reluctantly, into the Axis arms and into war with the democracies.
1941: France::~War With ?
1941: France:France:~Warnings from the head men of the United States of America apparently could do nothing to turn  back. Petain and Darlan did not change their minds when President Rooeevelt threatened a reversal of the former U. S. position with regard to  — in other words, undercover war between old friends.
1941: France::~The first anniversary ol the fall of  last week saw an undaunted Britain engaged in a three-front offensive against the enemy—~in Syria, in Libya and in the air over Germany and the Channel.
1941: France::~At Mont St. Michel, , is an old tombstone with the inscription
1941: All too much is heard of the ¦tepidity of Nazi soldiers, of the inevitable” collapse of German morale, of Germany’~s lack of oil, rood, rubber and clothing. It has been Indisputably proven that W before the Nazi blitzkrieg bto France Nazi fifty columnists spread word among French peasant* that the German army was King of undernourishment. And men came the German army.
1942: France::~of dying out, says stnco Napoleonic times, the population of  has declined relative to that of other European countries. Frojn 18*0 to 1913 uor-muIt 1 plied at the rate of six that of Frenchmen. The of the World War were a
1942: France::~staggering blow to .
1942: But what would happen If all those neutral nations I have mentioned—and some others I have not mentioned—~were with one spontaneous impulse to do their duty in accordance with the Covenant of the League, and were to stand together with the British and French Empires against aggression and wrong? At present their plight le lamentable; and It will become much worse. They bow humbly and In fear to German threats of violence comforting themselves meanwhile with the thought that the Allies will win, that Britain and France will observe all the laws and conventions, and that breaches of these laws are only to be expected from the German side. Each one hopes that Vf he feeds the crocodile enough the crocodile will est him last. All of them hope that the storm will pass before their turn comes to be devoured. But I fear —I fear greatly—the storm will not pass. It will rage and it will roar ever more loudly, ever more widely. It will spread to the south; It will spread to the north. There Is no chance of a speedy end. except through united action.
1942: France::~Until German panzer smashed  last year, New Caledonia was merely a French island 700 miles off the northeast coast of Australia, 248 miles long by 30 miles wide, populated by some 60,000 people, mostly Negroes.
1942: France::~But the fall of  gave New Caledonia a strategic importance. It is rich in vital war minerals—~nickel, chrome and iron. Japan is eyeing the island, well aware of its proximity to Australia—only five hours flying time.
1942: France::~De Gaulle They wanted to send an 8 inch ; l purebred Ayrshire bull, cornexpeditionary force of 500 to fight ing 2 years (eligible lor registeration); the Germans in , but the. several Collie pups. Apply to Secil British command prevailed upon | It. Sly. R. 2, Shawville. Phone 19 2.
1942: France::~the fate of  that this possibility may become a probability If the present tide does not change.
1942: United States:France:~Only when fully aware of existing perils will the  do Ms utmost. Pray God that awaran will not come too late, ae it did In  l
1942: France::~JJr. Groebbels says that the recent it. A. F. mid* on  are very irritating to German public opinion. We didn't know that the German public had an opinion.
1942: France:usa:~The growing might of the Royal Air Force is shown in the powerful and continuous sweeps over occupied . British bombers have flown one thond miles inside enemy territory, in daylight, to attack factories.
1942: France::~It said that the Germans had taken half of the largest radium stock in , at the Curie Institute, which was being used to fight cancer, and that as the result the Institute's ctivity had been crippled.
1942: “Tiger”~ Gort, former chief of the Imperial Staff, commanded ths British Expeditionary Force in France at the beginning of the He has been at Gibraltar since April, 1941.
1942: What a people! Crushed and crucified by the first onslaught of Hitler’~s Luftwaffe and panzer plunderers, their cities laid in waste, the Poles never struck their flag, says the Ottawa Journal. Instead their little navy escaped to go on fighting the Axis and their soldiers reached France and their airmen took to British skiee to help defend Britain. Their heroism became a byword.
1942: France::~A description of how the Naiis, from Fuehrer Adolph Hitler down "to the common soldier, react to their first contact with Paris has been brought back by an American woman who escaped from occupied . German soldiers, officers and cabinet ministers are now making themselves at home in hundreds of places which were familiar to Americans before " 1939.
1942: France::~Nevertheless an old cavalryman, commenting on this, writes to say he cannot imagine anything more upsetting to the nerves of the steadiest horse thin a windmill In swift motion. In  during the last war he saw the march discipline of an Indian cavalry regiment comletely set at naught by the whirling aaiis and the yet more alarming sweep of their vast shadows on the grass. Almost as alarming to his own mount was, he says, a small balloon which had broken away and, on recapture, was tethered close to the ground.
1942: •~ Published In France to Unite French Women Against Nazis
1942: France::~A young French girl escaped from Occupied  to join the Free French forces In London and bring to Britain a story of a secret women's magazine which goes to press once a month but contains not a line of space on any of the subjects in which women are usualy Interested.
1942: There is no fashion news, no beauty hints, or gossip on home furnishing or gardening. This first secret women’~s paper to be produced in Occupied France since the Germans marched into Paj-is has ony one purpose—to unite French women against the Nazis.
1942: “~Fifty thousand tons of wheat wee sent this month from France to Germany."
1942: France::~She gives other features of shipments from  to feed Nazis ,000 head of sheep, 6,000 oxen, 3,600 tons of woollen articles. The information brought to London is that German propaganda officials have been trying for months to learn where this information Is obtained, because the German excuse to French housewives as they stand for hours in food queues only to face empty shelves is that bad harvests and transport difficulties are responsible for the food shortage.
1942: France::~The magnitude of this war has been indicated In the titles given to its encounters: The Batte of , the Battle of Britain, the Battle of the Atlantic. An even vaster concept is beginning to take shape: The Siege of Asia. If Asia holds out the United Nations can win a clear-cut and conclusive victory, says the New York Times. If Asia falls the United Nations will not lose the war in the sense that they will surrender to the Axis Powers: when peace la worse than any form of war, as a Hitler peace would be. there will be no surrender. But If Asia falls to the Axis war will simply become chronic, the chief occupation of mankind for horrible, endless years.
1942: France::~Undoubtedly, according to the Christian Science Monitor, the risks of landing a Britiah-American force in  or Norway have been carefully calculated. One key to them is in the air, literally and figuratively. For the clearest prerequisite of any Invasion attempt Is an umbrella of air power. How
1942: France::~Prsonerr of war in Germary now are guarded by cripplqp and old men and the camps are administered by wcmen,  Forever said in a summary of information collected from liberated prisoners
1942: France::~The brilliancy of the German engineers and transport service cannot conceal one outstanding fact, which to that the weak link In the German armor to transport. The Allied public# have been hearing so much about their own enormous shipping problem that they have probably not given enough attention to the German dilemma. Hitler entered the war with a bad rail system Hid It has deteriorated rather than Improved. His traffic by air has been remarkably successful, but It Is s limited traffic and to no solution of hto problem, which It merely ameliorates. He seised the rolling equipment of  and other occupied territory, but even this did not meet his requirements. Results may not show immediately, but bombings do cripple rail movement and may cripple It disastrously. Note that Allied bombings are also directed against submarine construction. They thus hit at transport In 2 ways: (a) by By reducing German ability to Impeding German transport; (b) Impede Allied transport
1942: France::Reports from Norway Indicate that al employers had to surrand-one-third of their employee fox at least three weeks for agrl-tarai service. Slovakia reports a labor shortage. ’~s farms suffered much because some 700,000 French farmers are prisoners #f war In Germany.
1942: France::~BBC Warns  To Be Prepared
1942: Russia:France:~(2)	. 530 Axis submarines have been sunk or damaged since the start of the war. Even this figure does not represent a grand total; for It does not include losses inflicted by , by  before her armistice, or the complete damage done by our own Navy, says the New York Times.
1942: France::~1	 (abbr.).
1942: France::~that there no longer exista in  a legal or constitutional government in any sense representative of the French people, but only a German puppet government.”
1942: Therefore the Canadian Government “~has ceased to recognize the present government at Vichy as being the de jure Government of France and diplomatic relation# with Vichy are accordingly terminated.”
1942: 1. The American rs at la*t make It the reality - at of akl an i •~uppliea France from tliat dlrec-
1942: France::~We must reckon with the fact that if the American landings present enormous opportunities, they also Involve commensurate risk* They can bring hitherto immobilized French land and naval forces into the war against us. Although Hitler has seized this excuse to occupy the rest of , the Ger mans and Italians will still have, If they are able to exploit them, shorter lines of communication to Libya, Tunisia and Algeria than the British and ourselves. Our forces In Africa must be constantly reinforced and supplied. The Axle, with whatever sea and air power it has or can get Into the Mediterranean, will attack our convoys.
1942: France:France:~But It la, above all, in France, more even than in Germany or in Russia or In the smaller nations of Europe, that the news of our landing in Africa will have profound repercussions. What these will be, in the days that lie ahead, no man can say for certain. It Is possible that the renegade Laval and the befuddled Retain may succeed for a time in confusing French opinion and In delivering some of the strength of the French people Into the service of their mortal enemy. But of this we feel certain: that any such success for the betrayers of  will be of short duration, if It is achieved at all, and that above the din of battle In North Africa the French people will hear and answer the summons of de Gaulle, the real leader of  In this hour of crisis.
1942: Through two long years of bitter misery and Immense danger the French people have rejected every advance and every demand that Hitler has made for their “collaboration.”~ That they hope passion-ably for Hitler's destruction may be sure. That we shall fight until we have achieved his destruction they may be certain. In the very act of landing American boys on French soil in Northern Africa, we say to the French people: We are In this war on the side of France, that she may live again. This is the meaning of victory for us. and nothing short of this will
1943: Dear Friends and Brother* Tomorrow at dawn, about 6 o'clock, we will be told that our petition for clemency was refused, and an hour later we will have left this life. Before we fall beneath the German bullets, we hand In hand and cry, “~Vryc la France!" You, like us, have committed the crime of loving our country. We pay without regret the price of our patriotism . . . And you, dear comrades. In lima of hope and 111 fortune, remember ua and be worthy of us. Pray for our dear France and for us, f«>o, and tell the truth every when
1943: England:France:~They were young and foolish and their hearts were gay. They laughed at nearly everything but they cried, too, at , and the sight of , the Eiffel Tower and Joan of Arc. They had been brought up to know about such places, and sure enough they were true, and Cornelia and Emily were there to see them.
1943: France:France:~They were twelve young, very young Frenchmen, mostly from the Norman and Breton coast When the war started, they all volunteered for the French flying forces and became student pilots In one of 's air schools. They were eager to fight against the hereditary enemy of their country, but  broke down and the students were dismissed. Yet the twelve would not return to their homes. They decided to continue the struggle against the Nazis on their own.
1943: France::~necessary depots after the fall of  which made the Mediterranean
1943: usa:usa:~Both wore shot at dawn. They died as they had lived, courageously. The ten others were Hi nt to German concentration camps In France. They are still lh* re, living under Nazi Iron rule, abused by ruthless Nazi hangmen/Yet neither they nor their murdered comrades have been forgotten. French underground papers have published their story, and their names have become a symbol of French resistance against Nazi oppression. Thonds and thonds of French youth are willing to follow their example.
1943: France::~No.fi 11 A. Horner.... 4 00 per cd i	'	Beans from the 165,000 acres struggle between  and Bi
1943: France::~big airdrome near Bordeaux, in the south of . They fly out around Ireland, up to Iceland and thence to Norway, where they have a runway something over two miles long, from which they take off and fly on the reverse course.
1943: France::~There, an international Red Cross ship takes them to Marseilles, , and they continue by train to Geneva,
1943: France::~Reports of a monument 1n  which marks the hist resting pace of an Army mule:
1943: France:France:~and decide that it hardly seems worth- empty beds in a collecting station ports of various sizes and impor-while Let us all remember that if tent and climbed into one for the tance in the trade of the area, and every person in Canaba saves as lilt e night. He awoke the next morn- a fringe of somewhat fertile coastal aa two ounces of waste fat in a week, it mg, refreshed after a sound sleep, highlands that gradually lose them-will be an adequate answer to this rolled over and saw someone selves in the sands of the Sahara. National War Effort and appeal. Sav- ' sleeping in the bunk on his left. It The colony is about four times the ing waste fats is one of the simplest was Lieut. Dale Runnion, battalion size of  but the northern war aids asked by your Country, and it special service officer. He looked fringe is the only region that was is one of the most important ones on the] i0 his right. There was Lieut. Col. represented in the French chamber Home Front, so join the proud ranks Joseph Hornisher, battalion com- of deputies on the same status as of the Kitchen Commandos. \ our mander. Private Naler is reported departments of —three divi-uniform may be only a plain apron but ( to have established a record for the sions organized around the three it can be as gallant an outfit as the togs ( ’00-yard dash.	chief cities, Oran, Algiers, and Con*
1943: France::~Long jointly administered by Great Britain and , the New Hebrides group of 100 islands, between the Fijis and Australia, continue to lead a double life under rule by the British and the Free French. Largest is Santo, 64 miles long and 32 miles wide. Tanna is distinguished by its volcano, "the great lighthouse of the southern isles,” which erupts brilliantly every three or four minutes.
1943: France:United States:~The forerunner of the General Sherman was a tank the Americans called the General Lee It was slightly lighter. We In Britain had the Mark VI. which we believed to be a match for any likely opponent until It went against the Germans in the Battle of  and was decisively beaten. We stopped making the Mark VI at once and sent our experienced veterans to the  to buy quantities of the General Lee. Perhaps you can imagine our dismay In those dark weeks after Dunkirk to discover that the General Lee had all the faults and weaknesses of the Mark VI.
1943: France::~There was no time to build an entirely new tank. British and American engineers sat down together with our men who had been in  and made changes in the General Lee Even while they were making preliminary sketches British money was being spent to rebuild American factories and equip them with new tools. Out of this surge of effort came the first General Grant, which proved adequate to hold the Germans In North Africa In 1940. But still K was not good enough.
1943: States War Department alone •~pent more than $2,000,000,000 for supplies In Great Britain and France. This time, up to December, 1942, all United States forces together spent only about $1,000,-
1943: France::~French protection.  invaded
1943: FRANCE:Italy:~. Britain,  and Colonies. Americas. Beginner.*: advanced collectors. Carloto. Hull, Quebec.
1943: Poland::~One reason the Polish armies were destroyed in 1939 was because  was unable to gat men and planes to the front due to the Luftwaffe’~s depredations In the rear. And the capitulation of French arms appeared to be nece.sM.ry after the break-through at Sedan largely because France could not prevent German air bombe from choking her highways and her railroads.
1943: France::~At thin rate, the Allies are destroying 50 more locomotives m a month than the Fives-Lille plant in northern , the large*! in Europe, can produce in a year normal production of 100 a year k believed to have been cut appreciably by persistent RAF. bombing*.
1943: France:Holland:~K.C.A.F. fighter pilota have made many forays in recent months against transport facilities in  and  many as four locomotives have been reported knocked out by the Canadians on a single day.
1943: France:France:~France had reached an under- endorsed by the U. S. Civil Service standing with Sultan Moulay Has commission, is to reduce employee san, who ascended the Moroccan turnover by correcting unfavorable throne in 1873. The ruler was ac- conditions where possible, and to cused of selling out to , and decrease costs of recruiting and rebellion was begun with his brother training, especially in the Washing, as leader. In 1907 eight French ton, D. C., area. The exist interengineers engaged in the harbor de- vjew attempts to determine whether velopment were murdered. French unfavorable housing facilities, transforces then occupied Casablanca, Ration difficulties, bad physical and  soon exercised a pro- conditions of work or other factors tectorate over 95 per cent of the _aside from the job itself-caused sultan’s domain.	the employee to want to leave.
1943: France:Italy:~miles to the south. Oval in shape, and'about one-third as large as Vermont, Corsica is only 50 miles from Italy, 105 miles from . ’s island of Sardinia is just seven miles to the south, across the Strait of Bonifacio. A backbone of granite mountains, the highest 8,600 feet, divides the island, the western side sloping sharply to the sea, the eastern easing1 gently into coastal plains and swamps. Malaria is a scourge of this marshy region. The western shores are indented with bays, several giving safe anchorage to coasting vessels. Much of the island is heavily forested. There are numerous streams rising in the highlands, but none is navigable. To the old Greeks, Corsica was “Kalliste," the most beautiful. To many a tourist the sweet scent of the maquis shrub is the most memorable essence of life in Corsica.
1943: France::~Since  took possession 35 years ago it has poured $65,000,000 nto harbor developments. The harbor and railroad connections were .he leading factors in promoting a Moorish fishing village into a modern city of 175,000 population, nearly half European.
1943: France::'s colonial empire is far greater than most people imagine, says The St. Thomas Times-Journal. In 1936 “~Statistique General tie France" states officially that the population of the empire stood at over 60,000,000, distributed as follows:
1943: France::~The first three recipes, which 1 am offering you this week, originated in  where ‘Totted Jams" are a necessity rather
1943: France::~The critical foot situation in  is illustrated by a dispatch recently received from Lyon. It declares that the markets there which normally received 400 tons of fruit and vegetables for its 500,000 population now get no more than 50 tons.
1943: France::~The Prime Minister told the Commons that the Mediterranean campaign is not "a substitute for a direct attack across the Channel on the Germans in  and the Low Countries”—that he never has regarded it as such.
1944: France:France:~Simms ways that weather Is holding up the invasion of . "It Is a known fact that from til the end of March the weather In northern  and the Low countries Is abominable. When Marshal von Hlndenberg faced the necessity of picking the opening date for his final campaign In that region he chose March 21, Which was as early as that old gambler dared chance It It may be, of course, that General Eisenhower will pick an earlier time to establish a bridgehead on the 'in-.f usion coast,' but those who know the terrain best don't believe he will. Both ground and air are too full of water."
1944: France:Italy:~The Italian campaign cannot be considered wholly typical ot what Allied invasion forces would face in . 1 or in  the Allies have been confronted with the same difficulties which the formait# faced in the mountains, of the Caifcasus and about Stalingrad. Mountains are natural fortresses which always favor the defense, and cities which the defemlci 1» willing to saenhee
1944: France::~Long-range guns like these, planted by Germans along "invasion coast" of , are among targets being smashed by incessant Allied bombings. Photo obtained through neutral sources. »
1944: France::~reminiscent of Old  . . .
1944: Mr* Desjardins is survived by Michael J., of Toronto; Ah‘x C., Frtnk, United) Church, her husband ; three sons by a me- md Stephen, of OtUwa î~ ^ri- R^hard The funeral was held from the viens marriage, Harry Frost. Fort Kelley, St. Servan ; Rev. Sister France* Hynes Funeral Home on Monday Coulongtv Melvin Frost, R G A.S.C. and Mrs. Wm. Tw. hm, of Ottawa, all to St. Andrews Church, where Camp Borden, and Frank Frost, being at the bed-side of their father at «ervjce was conducted by Mr. L Chffliwuek, R- O ; two daton. Mr.. thc k-u:.	mini.tiir.
1944: France::~0 I  . . .
1944: Canada:Canada:~Trade figures just released here show that for the first two months of the present calendar year total Canadian exports to French possessions were $6,156.000H||||||||||||||||| only $240,000 in the same period in 1943. Countries to which these shipped included .Morocco, Algeria, Corsica and Tunis. Free France, represented by the French Committee of Liberation is included in five agreements which  signed recently in connection with granting of mutual aid by  to the Allied Nations.
1944: France::~reminiscent of Old  . . .
1944: France::~Old  I* miniature
1944: France::~This battle may be as much a turning point as was the Battle of . In 1940 disaster came swiftly because one side had a major superiority in weapons, including the weapons of treachery and ruthlessness.
1944: France::~Mr. and Mrs. Fred Campbell, of Clarendon, received official word last week that their son, Pte. Neilson Campbell, had been killed in action in  on July 21st.
1944: France::~Steve Mackay from *to his evening after spending three week’s Exhibitors winning $5.00 or less in sjster Mrs william Kinmond, of vacation visiting friends in Ottawa, society classes will receive 40 per Toronto "There is an island near Alexandria, Valleyfleld and Mont- cent premium on this prize money.
1944: France::~The job of presenting a complete picture of  today is too much for even the most gifted reporters and the most expert map makers, the New York Times. The
1944: France::~temporary success on front, withdraw any large number of troops from the East. The second fact is that the moment the Nazi hold weakens at any point, there is a popular uprising. This is clearly evident in , and there is not the slightest doubt that it will occur elsewhere. The best that any outnumbered Nazi occupation force can hope for is to be taken prisoner. The best that the Quislings and lesser collaborators can hope for is a trial in
1944: The details almost defy generalization: the bulk of General von Kluge’s Seventh Army being chewed up in the Argentan-Falaise pocket; elements of the German Fifteenth Army trying to recross the Seine under air bombardment; American troops on the north bank ef (he Seine, below Mantes, moving to turn this new escape route into a new trap: Paris outflanked, with resistance forces in the city growing bolder every hour and Allied tanks apparently avoiding entrance only in order to prevent the city’s destruction; Allied warships silencing the forts of Toulon and French troops in the outskirts •~f the port; an Allied column from the south reported one-third of the way to Lyon; Allied cruisers shelling Bayonne: Nazis and their sympathizers pouring into Spain ever the international bridge at Hendaye as did the refugees from Nazism four years ago; the French Forces of the Interior active over •~ne-third of the area of France.
1944: France::~This 4000-pound blockbuster has company as it hurtles earthwards, in the form of * a smaller bomb, caught by RAF camera during recent attack on Luftwaffe equipment depot at St. Cyr, .
1944: France::~areas of , it was learned at Red Cross headquarters in Toronto last week. The shipment is vantard of 110 tons of clothing, me-
1944: France::~Very deceitful creatures, those Nazis. Photos above show two urpies of elaborate camouflage found by Yank troops somewhere in  after Germans fled. Top photo shows what's apparently the stark skeleton of a bombed building. It is a complete fake, having been carefully constructed by Germans to fool Allied airmen into ptiseing up the area. The “ruins* conceal large underground barracks. Also built to hide subterranean quarters was the “farmhouse** in bottom photo. It was pains takingly constructed of plywood and netting, elaborately painted for realistic effect.
1944: France::~Remember those spiked German helmets pappy brought home from  as souvenirs of World War I? This one was found in a German village by its wearer above, who intends to bring it home with him.
1944: France::~Mr. Patterson has carved three Indian braves which have been taken overseas by Canadian units least one went to . Products of his art have found their way to many distant places.
1944: France::~Dr. Marcel Petiot, who was wearIng the uniform of a captain of the FFI when arrested in a Paris, , suburb, Is accused of murdering more than 50 persons in i death chamber. He has denied the charges and awaits trial.
1944: Germany:France:~England guesses that the current shower of German V-2 robombs come from somewhere in northern Holland or from the fringe of  from massive launching platforms, such as above structure, which was nipped in the bud before it was completed when the Allies ' captured Normandy, . Germans were ready to pour cement on the steel suppports when Allies arrived.
1945: Italy:France:~Any Yank who fought in North Africa, Sicily,  or  will tell you that the German 88-mm. gun, used on their tanks and tank destroyers, is a trouble-Riskin' baby. Now Uncle Sam has a pretty tough trouble-shooter of hie own—the 90-mm. seen on the tank pictured above. Tank Is the new “General Jackson” (M-36) produced at Fisher Body’s Flint and Grand Blanc, Mich., planta.
1945: According to the British Army’s Director of Signals, “~Of the thousands of birds dropped into France, Belgium, Holland, and Denmark, about 1,700 brought «back n essages from the Resistance.
1945: burst of machine-gun tire in the lett °~nsIow Corners, in her 51st year. Fought in zero weather, the out-leg and stomach last August in The funeral was held on Wednesday break was one of the toughest Hull France.	from the Funeral Home of George | firemen have faced for some time
1945: France::~2.000	miles of single track in  and Belgium, including all major rail networks'in Allied territory and rtconstructed 172 major rail bridges destroyed by bombing or enemy demolition.
1945: France::~Nobility in  prior to the French Revolution went in for highly decorative eyeglasses. Large jewels of various colors frequently were arranged around the lenses, and because it was fashionable to glasses merely to be in style. Many women carried lorgnettes whose handles were bestudded with jewels worth a fortune. One prominent lady inserted lenses in a jeweled fan, so that when she demurely hid her face behind her fan, as ladies were wont to do in those days, she still could see what was going on.
1945: France:Italy:~Charteris, arrived home after being five years and four months overseas in the Canadian army. He landed with the troops on D-Day in France, and on July 14, 1944, was wounded in Holland. Shrapnel injured him in the left leg, right arm and left body, and he has still a slug under one rib yet to be removed. He says that while wounded a German put a revolver bullet into his legs and that he lay on the ground 12 hours before being picked up. Prior to going to  with the invasion troops, he had been with the Canadian army in .
1945: France::~Two nuns take advantage of their new political freedom in the recent Paris elections, when  for the first time in its history permitted women to cast their ballots. Final tabulation showed 14,000,000 women's votes were east as against 1.000,000 for the men.
1945: England:France:~after some time in  went to JJarJorie, second daughter of Mr. and A charming wedding was solem- with his regiment five days Mn*- Stanley Long, of 32 Devonshire nized in the United Church at Yarm
1945: France::~the mechanical department, and he ^;nred i.ii end reason, 4 C.I.T.K., May, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ivor served in , Belgium and Ger- son of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Mender- Currie-Mills, of Yarm, was united many. His brother, Sgt. Floyd Little £?n’ of Duparquet, Que., formerly of jn the holy bonds of matrimony came back two weeks ago, and a Shawville. Marriage to take place
1945: France::~from the plane 29 times in ,	__	"	t	tulle illusion was held in place with
1945: France::~ferred with the rest of the Canadian cessories, and a corsage of Talisman corsage of pink Rapture roses with Army to , and was in Belgium, roses.
1945: France::~In La Cambc cemetery, , where many of those killed in the Normandy invasion are buried, Madame Blanche Chapelle, left, and her daughter, Helene, kneel at the grave of James Simonian of New York State while the girl reads a letter from the soldier's motherc. The mother asked Helene to read it over the grave. The soldier was killed in D-Day fighting.
1945: France:Holland:~seas in March, 1942, and to Sicily and Cpl. Cecilia Currie-Mi 11s returned Italy in October, 1943, transferring to Torbay, Nfld., last week, after to  in February, 1945, and spending two weeks at the home cf also served in Belgium.  and her parents, Rev. and Mrs. Ivor
1945: France::~Sol fori no where the armies of  Wm. J. Armstrong had fought the Australians. Dunant | helped as much as he could, with the aid of local villagers, to relieve the unspeakable	suffering of the
1945: France::~Cod fishing is the principal means of livelihood on the island. Barrels of cod liver oil are shipped out regularly to . Some 10,000 litres were donated monthly to the mother country to aid in rebuilding the health of her people. Fishing is a $500,000 enterprise.
1945: France::~member those cute little monkeys In St. Como, in , during the
1945: Holland:Germany:~On the Queen Elizabeth, Gunner Maynard Bretzlaff, son of Mr. and Mrs. Verner Bretzlaff, of Ladysmith. Maynard had been overseas for three years, and served in France, Belgium,  and . He was attached to the Fifth Field Battery Royal Canadian Artillery.
1945: France::~through the campaign in , -honor, who wore a floor-length dress line and long sleeves. She wore her R#g Op tome trie
1946: France::~Russie,  and Turkey, having important Middle East interests, keep eye en developments
1946: France::~fairly good condition, well button from holders of the old one ish West Indies and inquiries have watered and fenced. Possession any are also being dealth with.	been received from Brazil, ,
1946: Y°~ung McNulty told police and serving in the Corps in Scotland and Prompting him to retire from farm-newspapermen that he and the Fitz- England. In October, 1944 he land- in* al yarm six years ago. Three maurice brothers had been out in the ed in France, and served through the years ago in May he took a stroke bush all day, with the sleigh and invasion of the Continent. During while attending service in Shawviile tcai£-	,	the German drive in the Ardennes United Church, but after rest for
1946: Montreal. Jan. 30.—~A shipment of 374 horses left Canada today for France, and similar movements will be made every second week as long as there is space in ships, it was announced here todayg ¦HHH came from Alberta and Saskatchewan in live stock cars.
1946: France:France:~It wa.- in 1665 that the first phone brought to Canada from France was disembarked, from a sailing ship at Tadoussac. It was presented to the Governor of New , Augustin de Saffray de Mesy. by the settlers. Now horses arc going in the other direction. A special Canadian National train of 22 stock cars carried 374 horses from Alberta and Saskatchewan to the dockside recently and movements of Canadian horses to  will continue every second week as long as there is space on the boats.
1946: France:Italy:~Switzerland's rate was 38 per 1,000 in 1942, a decrease of 3 per 1,000 since 1941. Second were the Netherlands, with a rate of 40 per 1,000, and the United States, also with a rate of 40. Both countries showed decreases since 1941. Rates of infant mortality in other countries for of the total system. Two-thirds of 1942 were Union of South Africa. 48; the schools increased emphasis on United Kingdom, 52; Canada, 54; science, mathematics, first aid, safe-Germany, 68; , 70; Belgium, ty and physical education. Preflight 78; Argentine, 84; , 108; Bui- training was introduced in 71 per garia, 127; Portugal, 132; Cyprus, cent of city schools, and in 46.6 185; and Chile, 195.	per cent of county systems.
1946: France::~the famous aromatic liqueur, takes its name from the Benedictine order. It was the product of a single Benedictine abbey, Fecamp, near Le Havre, , and was never made at Monte Cassino. Its history is mantic. In 1510 a monk who dab bled in chemistry produced refreshing cordial. . rs named it after the order, ••Benedictine, D O M.(Deo Optimo Maximo —to God, most good, most great). Although a commercial product lor many expressions of sympathy 'pound (24 fluid ounce) jar. However j today, it keeps its old name. The during our recent bereavement in ,the price increases will vary accord-I alcoholic content is 52 per cent The the death of our beloved sister and |ing to variety, grade and size of con- j present distillery buildings occucv Special thanks to Rev Cecil Randell tainer.	| the grounds of'the old abb»v uf
1946: France:Holland:~Edward Yach enlisted at Ottawa n 1942. going overseas in 1943. He served in , Belgium and  with the Queen's Own Rifles, of Toronto.
1946: France::~Arriving on the Ile de  last week was L-Cpl. Enid Connelly, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James P.
1946: RUSSIA:FRANCE:~ TO  300 000 TONS
1946: France::~Foreign Minister Bidault was eleeted president of  by .184 votes out of 545 in the constituent assembly
1946: France:Holland:~Four of the Canadian cemeteries are in , one in Belgium and in .
1946: Holland:Germany:~BATTLE SCENE* OF INVASION benches and battle route In NorthWest Europe Including Interesting shots of England, France. Belgium.  and . For set mall this ad and $1.00 to Sgt. Major l*ezack, 10C St. Cross St., Winnipeg.
1946: > to the end of July, the French •~ Purchasing Commission had liased over 5.000 Canadian is for shipment to France and t 7.000 smaller horses, prinoi-mares. were bought forVNRRA. ag the month of July this year,
1947: France::~A treasure sack containing three pounds of gold pieces and eight pounds of silver coins dating from the reign of Louis XV (1715-1774) has been found under the crumbling floor of a farmhouse near Dijon, .
1947: Holland:Germany:~Howie still maintained his hopes of someday becoming a pro hockey star, despite the injury. After leaving the hospital, he took a physical training course, found out that his legs were going to be all right, then took two more P.T. courses and qualified as a sergeant instructor. Soon after that he went back into the European combat zone. It was his second invasion as Howie had previously spent three months on the Continent in the fall of 1944, helping to repair bombed railway rolling stock. He had enlisted in Stratford, Ontario, with the No. 1 Canadian Railway Workshop Company in April, 1943, and went overseas seven weeks later. He served in France, , Belgium and .
1947: Russia:France:~Ernest Bevin of England, George C. Marshall of U.S., V. M. Molotov of , and Georges Bidault of  (left to right) relax in the Soviet Aviation Industry Building in Moscow between sessions of the Big Four Conference.
1947: FRANCE:Canada:~TA# only Ggorett# Paper MADE IN  on sale in 
1947: FRANCE:Canada:~Ogorefte Pooer MADE IN  o.i sale in 
1947: France::~Canadian Boy Scouts, 35 in all, had a fine time in the U K. enjoying the sights prior to travleling to  to attend world jamboree. Boys arrived on Canadian aircraft carrier H M.C.S. Warrior, moved on to London where you see them by Victoria monument with Buckingham Palace in background. Overnight stay was on famous “Discovery/'
1947: France::~But Filchock, they say, was mixed up in an attempted "fix"; and although he did everything but push the grandstand over the line in his efforts to win the game in question, and despite the fact that he was frankly suspended for the same reason the King of  used to lop off rebels' heads—“to encourage the others’*—he might. Heaven help us,
1948: England:United States:~In 1662 Virginia passed a law offering ten pounds of tobacco for every good wool or fur hat made in that colony. Today the soft felt, stiff felt and silk form the three types principally worn by men. They are made principally in their most perfect form in France,  and the . The bodies of felt hats are of two kinds, fur and wool. Fur passes through a cleanser and former, drawn on a cone, sprayed with hot water till cohesive, is then removed, retaining its shape until hardened
1948: Russia::So althogther, in spite of the surface calm, underneath the ns don’~t appear to be .overlooking a thing that will increase their prestige in German eyes, and lower that of Britain, France and the United States.*
1948: United States:France:~' There seems to be no doubt that the  acted clumsily, to say the least, in permitting such talks to occur without first informing Britain and  of what was going on. In both London and Paris — particularly the latter — there was real fear fo. a while that Moscow and Washington might be secretly dealing with one another, and excluding other members of the Council of Foreign Ministers.
1948: France:United States:~These fears were allayed, to some extent at least, when the United States assured Britain and  that no official note was given to Molotov by U. S. Ambassador Walter Bedell Smith, and that there ne\er was the slightest intention of seeking bilateral negotiations with Moscow, it was explained that when General Smith called on the Soviet Foreign Minister it was merely for the purpose of making the ’ position perfectly clear, and of seeking to ascertain the Russian position and intentions.
1948: So now, at long last, we get back to Thomas Bfowcr, the lad we started off to talk about. He’~s no stranger to Channel swimming. Eleven years ago he successfully negotiated the France to England course in 13 hours and 29 minutes. Then, last year, he became the first human to swim the 25 miles of chilly and turbulent sea water separating" Ireland and Scotland.
1948: As a matter of fact it would be more nearly correct to say that but four have actually “duplicated”~ Captain Webb's feat, as the revered Matthew web footed it from England to France, instead of t’other way around, and that is the “hard way” when It comes to Channel swimming, just as a pair of threes is the “hard way” of making a six In another sport we needn’t identi-
1948: England:France:~'that would be enough and even more than enough for most of us; but there's no satisfying some folks. So this August the Nottingham giant set off to follow in the wake of Matthew Webb. Nor did large Thomas fail, making it from  to  in 15 hours, 25 minutes, the fastest ever known for a swim in that direction.
1948: France::~What*is more, when Blower set out it was his intention to remain on the shores of La Belle  only long enough to get himself regreased and—possibly—have his ignition checked. Then he was going to dive in aain and make the return
1949: For several weeks past the mo»t widespread "flu”~ epidemic sines 1918 has been spreading across Europe. It broke out first in Italy and rapidly spread northward. France was especially hard hit In Paris hospitals were filled tç overflowing, and practically every office or business establishment had at least onr absentee.
1949: France::~great - grand - daughter, Constance active service for some time in Grant, and two brothers, George T  and in one of the engage-Dagg and Ed. Dagg of Clarendon. ments, he suffered from gas poison-The funeral was held on Sunday ing. from which he never fully reafternoon from his late residence, covered.
1949: France:United States:~Germany went to war against  and Britain, to begin World War Two. on September 3, 1939; but the  did not take part in the struggle—at least officially—for another 2 years and 97 days.
1949: Sign Of The Times, Perhaps?—~The French Communist women are trying to make it clear that they did not raise their sons for wan-at least for war against the Soviet Union, live sign on the rostrum reads “~The mothers of France will never give their
1949: My Heart”~. Mrs. Jennie Gordon, Appreciation was also expressed During their trip the couple visit- $1,342,48; Rennick's Service Station, president of the ladies' club, presen- to the organist, Mrs. Edgar Hodgins ed France and Switzerland and re- $131.15; Preston Hodgins, $180.00; ted the ladies prizes	and this office and	the regular choir leader, Miss	turned from	Prestwick aeodrome,	Roley Wickens, $25.00;	Lloyd- Cole,
1949: 1 lié~ transport system is chaotic, all railways having gone without major repairs since the civil war. And all the millions the United States would have to pour into that country in order to bring it to anything like real effectiveness might better be spent, in the opinion of many, ' in strengthening Britain and France's defences.
1949: She Knows A Better Way—~While Shirley May France and other swimmers train for the grueling task of swimming the English Channel, Mrs. Eetta Hills, above, of Southsea, England, prefers to make the crossing in a more leisurely manner. Astride her "waterbike,” Mrs. Hills chats with radio announcer Derek Roy, who has arranged a race across the Channel between Mrs. Hills and a gentleman challenger. The English housewife pedaled across the Channel as a, young girl, and is confident she
1949: France:Italy:~The 1950 tournament is the second time the World' Cup finals have been played in South America, where, incidentally, the Olympic Games have yet to be held. The firs> time was for the inaugural series in 1930 when Uruguay Oie host nation and also the ncr. In 1934, when the tournament took place in Italy, the host nation again successful. Ttje third senes was promoted by  in 1938 and  retained the trophy. Should the trophy again be won by the Italians, they will keep it in perpetuity, because If goes outright t«i the country that wins three times irrespective of whether they are in succession or not.
1950: SELF HELP, not leaving It all to Uncle Sam, k expected of countries participating In the Marshall Plan. An example of this is Britain which, under Europe’s ‘Tittle Marshall Plan, ’~ known as the Inter-European Payments Scheme, between June 1948 and June 1949 gave some of her neighbors the equivalent of $244,000,000 to help them to buy essential products. Pictured here at a sugar beet root harvesting demonstration In Britain is the Catchpole, a British machine weighing about a ton, which, behind a 20 h. p. tractor, digs and tops about 2'- acres of roots in a day. Amonr war-shattered countries to which it has been supplied are France. Holland and Benin-rk. In the last three years Britain has exported more than 340,000 long tons of agricultural cqu.pmcnt, much of It to Europe.
1950: France:: has ’em, too—~Just as in Canada, the war scare and the fear of accompanying shortages brings the hoarders out from under the rocks in France, too. Here, as part of a national campaign to combat such foolish practices; a Paris agency dis; * a sign, telling itfc customers, "We have oil, sugar, coffee and soap. Do not stock up. It is in your internet i hank you
1951: usa::I*our thond resident* of Trv-viè~res, a town in north-west France, spring—flooded creeks and have just eaten 1,500 lbs. of tripe sticams and eventually found its tQ celebrate the hundredth birth-v av to the lake.	! day of Madame Marie Bernard, who
1951: Canada:France:~Out of these clays, ami you may mark our words, the fair city of Toronto is going to secede from  and leave the rest of the Dominion Hat on its s. And if you imagine we arc going far, far Out on the limb in making in making such a dismal prediction, do not forget that back in the early days of Henry Ford we exclusively forecast that these new-fangled automobiles were only a passing fad.
1951: Canada:France:~ing. parades, firecrackers and speeches dancing, it will be much like Dominion Day in , or Bastille Day in , with the addition of a great deal of yodelling, alphorn blowing and flag swinging.
1951: , The program was enjoyê~d by a Louis of France warned all. bak-record crowd of adulte as weU I era who gave under measure - children.	.. . «	that the* would he. beheaded-
1951: France::~press of  and at the close of the conference will visit Ireland and tour Europe.
1951: France:England:~t. Morocco Is a protectorate of which: (a) Italy, (b) Portugal, (c) , or (d) ?
1952: curricular activities of the school. •~------------------------------England and France. Editor of * nation was becoming a problem
1952: France::~daughter	and	son-in-law,	Mr.	Mr. E.	Brown,	Forresters Falls,	United	Church in the Sunday	movement in  during	the	tweed topcoat and wore a cor- when	the	Pontiac	was	blanketed
1952: France::~Association; Mrs. H. I. Smith for groups in  vand supplying Mrs	Gerald	Horner,	Sarnia,	the WMS: Walter Kilgour for the	them by air. -
1953: France::~Mr. and Mrs. Joseph La  and family, and Miss Theresa Morin motored to Ottawa Satur-
1953: France::~with Mrs. La 's brother.
1953: The Catholic Women's League held a very successful Bingo, Friday evening, at the home of Mrs. Rheal Hé~rault. The bingo was in aid of a new chapel, which they hope to build in the near future. Some of the prizes were won by Mrs. P. Richard. Mrs. Boisvert, Mrs. J La France. Miss M. Pleau and Mrs. D. Campbell.
1953: france::~Mr. and Mrs. John Gervais and family and Miss Lorette Lacroix of La Passe. Ont., were weekend guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. La-.
1953: France::~Mr. Adelard Richard and son visited Mr Joseph La  during the past week.
