1883: Canada::~Iking firmly convinced of the wisdom and excellence of the policy pureued by the leaders of the Liberal-Conservative party of  in managing the affaire of this country, and believing that to the great measures they have introduced is mainly due the cause of our prosperous condition to-day, the columns of this journal will be devoted to the interests of that
1883: Canada:Canada:~Roderick William Cnmcron, the founder and" senior ineiiilier of the shipping film of R. W. Cameron A Co., of No. 211 South William St., has been knighted by Queen Victoria in recognition of his services in vatrblishing and developing commercial relations between the North American continent and the Australian colonies. The first news received in this city was a cuugratulary despatch from the Marquis of 1,, uue. Governor-General of Canada, which was addressed to Sir Roderick at New York. Mr. Cameron was Imm of Scotch parentage at Glengarry, in the Province of Ontario, Canada, about fifty-seven years ago. He came to this city in DM, when lie was about twenty-five veins of ago, and engaged in the shipping business. The present firm was formed in 1870. In 1852, soon after his arrival here lie sent out the first ship that ever sailed from the Tinted States to Australia This was the beginning of the Australia Pioneer Lino, which since then plied between two countries. The firm afterwards sold its interests in the vessels of the line, but the regular communication is still kept up. Mr. Cameron was Commissioner from New South Wales to the Centennial Exhibition at Philadelphia in 1870, and also to the Paris Exhibition in 1878. He was honorary commissioner from  to the internat iunrl Exhibition at Sidney. New South Wales in 1870, but w as not able to attendit. He was appointed special honorary commissioner from  to the Victoria Exhibition, which was held at Melbourne in 1880- 81. He was present during the whole time, and on his return home made a complete report on the conditions and resources of the Australian colonies. To his industrious labors at this Exhibition is due, in large part,his present honor of knighthood. He has always maintained allegiance to the British Crown, and, although lie has spent the most of his iife in New York and has won success there, he has never sought to become an American citizen.
1883: OniT.—~In tho recent|domiso of Mr. E. W. Murray the County of Ottawa lias lost one of its enterprising and valued residents, and his loss will not be easily forgotten by the many friends to whom he lead socially and otherwise endeared himself. Mr. Munity was bum in England and came to Canada with his father, Jas. Murray, a member of the Royal staff. Mr. E. W. Murray settled in Buckingham some forty-five years ago, and there engaged in tho lumbering business of Messrs. Bigelow & Co. When that firm suspended he assumed business on his own account, and successfully conducted his enterprises for a number of years. He was afterwards selected for the [xisition of Sucre tery-Treasuror of the Municipalities of Buckingham Village and Sownship, a post which he honorably retained until 1880, a period of over twenty yuan. Mr. Murray, although not Iron in Canada, was a truly representative Canadian, (lifted with strong natural ability, altho’ not with early advantages of education, he made himself not only a shrewd liusi-sineas man, but also one of the best read of the Ottawa valley. In business he was energetic and far-seeing, and as a friend generous and steadfast. His funeral took place at Buckingham on Friday last, Fathers Clerk and Clmrlxiuueau officiating. The cortege which followed his remains to the grave was the largest that has been seen in tliat vicinity for many'years. His death lemre* i the commu'iity not essily fiF^X
1883: Canada::~Haleys with the  trains going East and Wes
1883: „¦ l lilted Mates a,e willing to reciptx, , thv I4tl. Novciulx.r, 1881. reversing, by a was hvautiful. and the outer world who vatv. and the |,v„|dv of Montreal favor thv majority ol thv judges, decision* of the I supposed that Nonli was much better off abolition of duty on gran, tit any event as Court of Appeal ol thitario a.ul of Vice- than he really waa-eximeteil that she a great put of li e gram ox|s,rt trade of, 4 haneellor IVmdfool, of the Chancer)' would bring her husband a handsome dot t „ \\ e iteru Mates is ost to hat c„~y it is 11 dm I, Canada	her marriage. When, therefore, the
1883: timli ration of its political tone is in strung vontiast to that of most of its eon temporaries. In the •~hil) nimdvr we have the following oi Kiee Trade with Canada, hy a w vitei win» si^ns his name as “Watson (»TiHim ‘:
1883: Canada::~from the eon,petition of  or Mex- "f ll,u <IvHtluv,h,“ ,,f Hie,r country where I ^ J ^
1883: vaiiiug tceling with regard («~, Canada has given rise (o sueh aspirations
1883: vMon of first el ass wheat | take the part of an enlightened opposition | those of tl I’~hv most fertile part of Canada lies in the Y-rth-W est. -Ithough
1883: f 'Ujte although it becomes	“~The price of grey cotton in	Canada	| us*. nor to the Empire at huyc, hut, like	prayed that the progeny of the dog and
1883: rhonuw .lelb*is.,n. could not realize I H"‘in unless free trade prevails, the Unit- Afghanistan. Well, time lias given re- I «"Vim ial legislature, were, it was argued, fectionately, lie proceeded to the house of the idea «~>f a government without a second ^tstes will experience w hat Canada did venges. Tlie scuttle.s who were char- rov« uud void. If lands in tlie Tm- (.he sawyer. The same question was put
1883: Canada::~the idea of making that chamber electric,	Hade, while Eastern  will be built	0,,1,gc<( to adopt the .Jingo language .-ml	Dominion, and not the Attorney-General : hushed she was so much in earnest tint
1883: Canada::~ectne chain lier, whei-e all tlie talking is those of Eastern .	of twelve lace of rupees, and it is pro-1 two days, the Lord Chancellor said
1883: done, the interests of the country, and the Of course this would not prove advan- posed tlial the Ameer shall bo able to ; H»“ir Lordships w«~mid take time to con rights of the minority are safer in the I *A8e,,U8 ^ Eastern Canada whose growth draw on our authorities in the 1'unjah to rider thoir judgement liands of such a council. Its «ervicoi tu	l>« greatly rvtanle<l. The effect it the amount of one lac, or 100,000 rui*** ! «Judgement was accoixlingly reserved.
1883: Canada::~gate w ay of Western , aiid.control-	Afghans, wo were alunit to allow their	"hn# msc for	vacation, hut owing to sev-	»i»iu ih* Miui»trr «g Pni-ik- Work», musl to Aw n,r
1883: Canada::~w it Ii j industries and rising vommvrve of , al‘d Mr. demie for tlie res;»,indent
1883: Canada::~ii at issue was of great in-kport.iree in . (Mi • ;ii'; » I'.iin it w i< claimed •dire vt heirs of Andrew !' .it *. who died in 1X“I.
1883: . of four ju tg<to two. al- When, therefore, they called U|M»~n him peal. and divided in favour of course,separately he presented tliv "f the Dominion as against young lady to them, and made them the province. From (hit final same proposition as he had made to the Canada the present appeal ear)suiter. It was in both instances arbor the appellant it was copied, and they set to work. In due t all lands in Ontario were course, the ark was completed, and the a * • * held in froo and common evening of the day arrived when accounts
1883: Canada::~part is all right enough, bo long as	the wbuh I*10 alarm clock strikes, that same slain in the prime of their life, ho still Melrose, he tweed Cape Town .ntry (cheers) in , at St. Pc-1 And yet tliose great communities of
1883: Canada::~Haleys with the  Pacific trains going East and West.
1883: Canada::~The follow ing flout the (English) Widely Mail of 11th ult. shows what interest  quest ions have for the people of Great Britain. This project was entertained as early as 1825—fifty-eight yean A survey and estimate of costs was made by the great engineer Telford, but j by 1 just then the era of railways was ushered ' l'
1883: Canada::~delusion. Not one mile of ro id construct- the  Pacific Railway. The sub ,ver 1,000 tons burthen, with a depth of vd in the county, the route defined foi stance of the scheme lie proposed was sub 18ft. in hold, and also the equal capacity some five or sii miles through the lowei mitted to Her Majesty’s Government, but »f the highest class inter-channel steamers
1883: Canada::~forest foliage now.	| much importance to Central  as the
1883: Canada::~ece of	birch bark We	 Southern, Hamilton and North	ftnd on tfU8 accouut it ie ap tha more re-
1883: Canada::~Haleys with the  Pacific
1883: England:Canada:~I Mr. H. F. Browne, of Montreal, who ! has recently arrived from , has I designed and submitted to the Governor ' General s approbation* a coat of arms for | the Dominion of , which seems to ; express in true heraldic manner, the his, tory of the countly, and is, at the same But I time, simple and easily drawn and remem -
1883: The shield consists of three gold-or lillies, upm a blue round, these being the ancient arms of ’~ranee, surmounted by a chief (the upper part of the shield) yui** red, upon wiiich is a lion of England. The crest is a mural crow n (which would suggest the siege of Quebec, as this emblem was in olden times given by heralds to those who dis-t nguislied themselves in taking a fortified city) with a beaver, holding a maple leaf in his paw, rising fr in the crown. The supporters in Mr. Brown's design where an Indian and an early settler, but the Maripiis of Iiorne suggested the adoption if two bears in their place as being more ippronriate. T e motto is Canada. " The Governor Geneial through Col. DeWintoii, suggested, to Mr. Brown that, as his stay in this country was now so shott, the design should he submitted to 'he Marfjuis of Lanudowiie on his arrival. —Montrai Star.
1883: ready told Dolores, how lie traced lam to	glpt Lord Fitàdean, is dying ”~	Lawrence? Thai is a hard name," says	! cape of a diver from a most horrible fate,	ing teeth grated as they ciosed on m>	emi,.iir	heraelf to the people of Canada.
1883: Canada::~\n old settlor m  writes to the
1883: fortune to assume the duties of Governor-General at a moment when, in point of the material pro»~|*>rity and of the moral contentment exhibited by the people of this country, as well as in regard to the brilliant prosiwet offered by her future, the position of the Dominion of Canada never was more satisfactory or better assured.1 Mr. Mayor, you are, l believe, justified in attributing these happy result* to the wisely framed political in* stitutfons which, without in any degree weakening the alliance of the Mother country and the colony, have afforded the freest scope for these qualities of national enterprise, and self-reliance for which the people of Canada have been conspicuous.
1883: convenience to the later, ami through them, the trade t;f the country, t*»~ have the Government place its loan abroad. Canada, at this stage of national development, has need of the employment of new-capital in other channels than Government securities, and the purchase of tin-debt by our own people may well U* deferred to a later period in our history.— Gazette,
1883: CANADA::~B0WMANV1LLE, ONTARIO,.
1883: Canada::~est payable in , have been deal 1 his ,th"uKht»- llla'lk ve™° “ m,ire dif
1883: Canada::~and foamed spreading heavy spray in all To His Excellency the Most Honorable Erections, and nothing but the most skil the Marquis of Lansdowne, Governor f d management kept the boat at a safe General of , &c., Ac.	distance from its fur)'. Finally the cart
1883: happy auspices, at a time when the coun- matter to row a safe distance, when the nkmday, Ui«~ si et lust., in.iusiv.iy, for try is ; peaceful and prosperous, trade, ag- rifle was reloaded and the beast killed at riculture and commerce flourishing, and leisure, and its people contented, not only with the evidences of progress of not onal de-vulopement which are apparent throughout the length and breftdth of the land, but, also, with the free and progressive institutions under which they lire, and that existing prestige of stability imparted to such institutions by Canada s auspicious connection with the Mother Land.
1883: CAnada::~and leaves a widow and a family of five children (the eldest of whom is t vonfy and the youngest six years old) to mo tin his loss. Ho came to  in I860, and was ordained a Baptist minister ii 1862, serving as a missionary in the Ess* em Townships for the space of about, thru years, when he was settled as pastor a Point St. Charles in* the year 1866, c*»n tinuing in that place for about four years Since tho year 1870 his entire énergie have been devoted to the furtherance o tho Temperance cause in the Dominion.
1883: •~tny part of the great Empire of which the Dominion of Canada is no inconsiderable
1883: Canada::~Haleys with the  Pacific trains going East and West.
1883: Canada::~occupied by  was In the opinion of an cm contained no wild nnim; moi# benefit than disait tiers. It abound;*! in fi whose skins were in gr< ; great contres of weal I These skins constituted t" the early svitl Hunting and tiap-
1883: d.le.t advocates tho province can emu- (lf little and enter El Oheid and ascertain tnand. Tito genlemvn u lio ha\ e gone Ljie fate of the survivors. The provisions home are the leader, of publie opinion in | ,torcd Teum f„~r Hick's army have all Canada; they undcrsUm what is needed;, 1)een 1)r,tl) Khartoum. The uutly-they know preosely » hat ,. likely to meet , ^hso„ are arriving, the approbation of then- constituents, and VaUo,3rd.-Two men who left El Oheid
1883: Canada::~Dominion of .	"pari., 2nd. Col. Sarto,i,„ start, for
1883: Canada::~Haleys with the  Pacific trains going East and West.
1883: Canada::~since it gazed upon , and it will no	'I*"» "f »ater in the «ddy near the,team-
1883: CANADA::~BOWMAN VILLE, ONTARIO..
1884: Canada::~colonies, reflects the influence exerted his mind by live years' residence in the Dominion, and its sentiments arc those of colonists rather than of Englishmen. It pleads eloquently and logically for a closer alliance of the colonies to the Mother Country, for a community of interests, for a union not merely in name and sentiment, hut in material interests and for the common welfare. Imperial federation us generally understood has grvat charms for Lord Lome. His practical mind really discovers the difficulties of inducing the colonies to consent to the ulation of their external relations and trade by a legislative body in which not merely the colonies individually, hut whole, would he outnumbered by the rc-prcaentAtivcB of the United Kingdom, and which would give to  and Australia an even less complete control of what may be termed matters of foreign policy
1884: Canada::~The London Time* has many kind and complimentary things to say of Lord Lome's address at the. Colonial Institute. It says that 4t he has brought back from  a hearty belief in it# greatness and an evident affection for its people, and its institutions, which have borne fruit in a desire to make the Dominion better known to Englishmen, and to im-
1884: CANADA::~BOWMANVILLE, ONTARIO,.
1884: Canada::~Haleys with the  Pacific
1884: Canada::~M as aftevwaulB itaCei taincd, of shooting m nt of  .	_v. t»*o Fiwuoh Pxwtmor. Tlur*.ting for
1884: Canada::~Exhibition, the management of which has have all been events during the public life panv are authonml to i^ue .< > xf?1 M.OOO tbl} rtnu;(l that defeat is cm tain. Baker! Mr. Baakerville resumed his speech and been undeitak .n by the Mississippi \al- of  s first statement	of b«>nd8, of winch So,000.000 were to be	wilfaWilit the arrival of friendly sheiks proceeded w ith his review	of the	boundary-
1884: United States:Canada:~then efforts by tho do nothing policy of the West Indies and in Brazil, also in the The third volume of the census shortly j disasters, yet is imperative. Telegrams V'otice in HEREBY GIVEN THAT all paR-the Company; and the County of Pontiac  ; and therefore  to be issued will contain the births of the | from Trinkitat, Baker Pasha's headquar- As ti«*n iiidci»t:d t.» mt- are, reqnrstM to iuve the suffers, and the people are kept as it were would have, on the principals of the Na- year immediately preceding April 4th, term, paint the prospects in the gloomiest	%iTLuoJutl id î,y tW
1884: Canada::~She was going east by the  South- vegetables or not as you please. The occurred, varying the monotony of the Bryson
1884: CANADA::~BOWMANVILLE, ONTARIO,.
1884: Canada::~Haleys with the  Pacific trains gojng East and West.
1884: Canada::~I dicro station of tho  Atlantic Rail- Time,2.49 2 47A 2 52 3 00
1884: CANADA::~BOWMANVILLE, ONTARIO,.
1884: Canada::~thin " if they call him to give up durian. Egypt propor. Tho government of the : demand in  for persons without I	Mixed Mam a s os.	I is done in rivalship, nor nobly which is
1884: Canada::~Turn up your dupe into the proper f, a c<,n(luy8 or	,,r mu.-uro, >u Another fruil which is grown in perhaiw I itudo, and covering some2,U00 milesfrom (he people of  nor to the jioople I enough to marry, it may perhaps occur 1 cause you only reveal yourself thereby,
1884: Canada::~tering element and he himself can become *la a>o wo a, o oas o wo or highest excellence in the Malayan east to west, has a population, according abroad looking to  as a probable I ^ thorn to consider whether they du not ! A man does not think to look behind the a quack.	r	lT	,,,	roe species o ***#, sncfpia . r i Archipelago is the pine-apple ; of which, I to Beilin and Wagner, the Gorman goog- j home, to conceal tho plain trutli ju>d I owe it to themselves to be a little more door unless he has some time stood there
1884: bo a bad harvest that must bo reaped them thoy &re n°t only dessert, b it lin- tufts of hair on the back of its nock, the j modans of Turkey, Arabia, and India, manifest parody of tho history of Christ, are in the direct line of their descent, tirely for trimmings. The skins are from such a sowing.	Tfr’~ ' ,,IQf: /.*.	. ..	! throe ecarc<1 batmen could not declare aml are making strenuous exertions to , Tho Bfuiyamt-Vita, a theoeophical poem When two drops collide they will unite 1 principally from Canada and tho Hudson
1884: Canada::~among (lie buys in , but there are tropic#-fruits equal 11 not supenor in homes.	Faithful.”—Scientific American.	thing unique among the productions of with increased velocity, sweeping up beavers are trapped in Montana, Idaho,
1884: Canada::~I am happy to see you again assembled at the seat of Government. I thank you for the punctuality with which you have complied with my request. I tender you a cordial welcome. I have called you together for the despatch of the business of the Province at a later period than usual. This is chiefly due to the destruction by fire of the parliament buildings and to the necessity of preparing temporary chambers in which you might conveniently meet. The people of this Province were happy to receive with acclamation the distinguished man selected by Her Majesty to occupy the high position of Governor-General of  in succession to the Marquis of Lome, who, with his Royal consort the Princess Louise, will ever be remembered with kindness, affection and esteem by the people of this country, and jwcially of this Province.
1884: frozen cold and stiff. Our readers will Look out for VV. A. Sheriffs Agricub surely agree with us that the nl*>vo is an tural Machinery advertisement which will extraordinary affair. In fact tho conduct npjKiar in our next issue»~ of the poor creatures, for they wore no* j Wo are pleased to see that our mom-thing else, is totally incomprehensible to iJUV W. J. Vim pore, Ea<| , seconded the hardy people who constitute tho set- add rose from the throne in an able and tiers of Northern Canada, and whose mv eloquent speech, lure it has always been to fight to overcome the hardships with which they have been surrounded while hewing homes for themselves out of tho wilder-
1884: Canada::~There was i 'culiav case tried at tho t*mt of .
1884: Colonization.—~Tho second meeting of that the women of Canada are dégénérât- n men	their	friends. Ex-
1884: CANADA::~BOWMANVILLE, ONTARIO,.
1884: Canada::~The only Company in  that has paid » claim
1884: Ancn Children with Sore Eye#, Son»~	not am other Binder made in Canada. A full stock
1884: CANADA::~BOWMANVILLE, ONTARIO,.
1884: Canada::~A rumor la in circulation at Ottawa to the effect that as soon as the Ontario A Quebec Railway ia through to Toronto the line between Ottawa a ville will Iw closed or reduced to a local freight line. It seems the  Pacific Railway will not attempt to make connections with Orand Trunk trains at Brockrtlle.
1884: Canada::~I'rizoi in lut competition went all jver  and to many parla of the United Statee.
1884: Addreaa, Editor Lahikh’~ Jovhnal, Toronto, Canada.
1884: them elves to tho regular practitioner are plsu to KEANE YKluil, 962 Mhcrbourue Hi. Toronto, benefltted, whl « the patent med vines and o her Mlverilsed cures never record a euro *tt all Stull ig with the claim row general y believed by he ntst F'i utifle men ihnt the disease Is due to tin p teenen of living uaranitee In th tissues. M . Dixon nt once sdhpted him cure to their extermination; this acoonipUhliM the cat «~rih h practically cured, at d the pe manenvy Is un ques 1 ned, aa out ee effected uy him four jeers ago te cure# sill . No one else has ever at temrfed to cure cat rih In this manner, and no tth i treatment has ever cured catarrh The application of the remedy is simple and can lie dune at home, and the preen t reason of the year is the most favorable for a speedy end peimaneni cure 'he majority of cases being t'U ed at on ' tieatmenf. Hulterers should c r reap nd with Vetwn A II, DIXON & 60N.3U5 King-, treat West Toronto, Canada, and enclose atainp for Ihclr tree the on c.itarih Montreal Star
1884: Canada::~umvy Tuja,  UeuiMit, Veut Linings, Watt r Lime, Klue Covers, Whiting,
1884: Canada:Canada:~per . No power in  could y°ur unblushing audacity; no strong hand The Portage du Fort brass band suppled
1884: Canada::~they yore stopped by the citizens. A son of	hensive character, are very affective and	. As this is the only Canadian	bv Hon. Dr. Wilson, Provincial Secretary	W» •• V. Ayer fltUO., Lowell, Ivllll#
1884: CANADA::~BOWMANVILLE, ONTARIO,.
1884: Canada::~UhimiH'y Tope,  Cement, Veut Linings, Water Lime,	Flue Cotera,	Whiling,
1884: Canada::~Hu? niug In connection with the Grand Trunk Railway of , rtaili» g from (jutibw tv*-r,i Hatunlay during the hummer months, and from l’ori land every Thursday during the winter months. Mailing dates from
1884: Canada::~questioned, as cures effected by him four years 1 Torouto ago are cures still. No one else has ever attempted to sure catarrh In this manner, and no other treatment has ever cured catarrh. The application of tha remedy is simple and can be done at home, and the present season of the year ie the most favorable for a speedy and permanent cure the maiority of cases being cured at one treatment. Sufferers should correspond with Messrs. A H. uIXON Ac SON. 306 King-street Weit, Toronto, , and enclo e stamp for their tieatiso on catarrh.—Montreal Star.
1884: Canada::~Statistics of the foreign trade of  in July are, on the whole, of a favourable character. The value of imports reached $10,788,737, or some $t>07,000 more than in the corresponding month last year, but an examination of the nature of this trade show the increase to arise altogether from a special cause that is to say, the imports of coin and bullion. For example, in J uly last $1,883,739 of coin was brought in, while in July, 1883, the import reached only $05,307, and, omitting this accept ional item from the account, the value
1884: Canada::~of the old province of l pper , and The Montreal Gazette of last Saturday [^Frenc^nmbiwsador to”Gennany. *	rillTwIXS hasle^tedY"'mjifitw.
1884: Canada::~contractor expects to have the first ten	about	000. They came pfcr  At-	Sun	Stroke.—Almonte	Tir.	es;	Mr.
1884: week. The second ton miles is to bo coin- by a committee of gentlemen consisting of Oillan, of tho 2nd line of t itzrey, was sun* pluted within a month, all tho work with (,ur representative Citizens. Tho entire struck during tho heated term just passed the exception of a few culverts and tho arrangements wore carried out in away the effect of which upon hie mental faculty ing of the iron being now accomplished well worthy of the distinguished visitors, ties caused him to attempt to destroy his The completion of the second ten miles a body of men whoso almost sole and only life. He severely wounded lumsolf with a will bring the road nearly to Quyon vil- pm-guit and pleasure is the advancement knife, since which time a dose watch has lage. One Imllast train is running now as 0f science ami the well being of the human 1 to he kept on his actions, far tin as Brekoiiridgo’~s, and a second	rAC6.	The fact that Canada was sc!.-. t, d
1884: Canada::~than one allusion made about the 	-?	—	Voting on the Scott Act will take place ,hiP' at °D8lt,w aforeeAid.
1884: CANADA::~BOWMANVILLE, ONTARIO,.
1884: D. L. 8., returned home from the North West last Saturday night. He says that his father is recovering very rapidly, and Coulonue Notes.—The Scott Act advo-1 will possibly be home in a month or two. cate, Rev. Messrs, Acton, of Portage du- When the train struck him, he says, he Fort, Naylor, of Shaw ville, Goruery, of was not at all stunned, but rose immedi-Quyon, and our own Minister, Rev. Mr. ately to his knees, and never lost for a Gandier, delivered telling speeches in fav- moment his power of speechBHHi J of prohibition, in the Presbyterian Church wonderful when one considers that his leg here, on Tuesday evening, to a large and was broken in two places, and bones in appreciative audience. The President of the arm—which was subsequently ampu-the Alliance showed from statistics that in tated—~gmund'to splinters. The severest this Canada of ours, no less a sum than pain Mr Brabazon experienced was from thirty million dollars was annually spent the string which was tied around the arm onjgriiik !_ What an immense amount | to prevent loss of blood, while on his way of money to be spent yearly in degrading I from the station to the hospital, a distance the human family. The Scott Act has of forty miles by train. Speaking of the been carried in twenty three counties in rest of the party, 1 learned that Mr. Al-Outario, and one county in the Province tert Pattison, one of your town boys, had of Quebec. It is not the intention of the j gone down south to herd cattie; no doubt Alliance to submit the Act in this county j he will soon become a full-fledged cow-boy. just yet, but to stir folks up, set them | Mr. Harry Purvis has struck a similar job thinking and talking about it, and when j and will not likely return for some time.... the pro|wr time comes, take the voice of j Business in town is, as one has expressed the people on the question. Let us hone it, pretty cool, just-now, although some of that the time is not far distant when the our merchants are daily receiving large tomjxjrance people will be justified in risk- consignments of goods.... The steamer Leri ing a vote on tho oueation... People are | Youngf was laid up for the winter on Wed pretty well on with harvesting operations nosday morning....One solitary individual about here, tho crop being at least an aver has left this town to accompany General age one. ..Wm. Clarke, Ks<i, Crown Land, Wolsoley'a Canadian contingent for the Agent, was up in this neightiorhood last Egyptian campaign ...It is currently ru-week, straightening out some difficulties mored in town that a very interesting between neighbors...The overflowed land matrimonial event will shortly take place, appraisers will be through with their work The ages of the contracting parties* in this neighborhood in a few days...John only sweet fifty I It being leap year the Bryson, Eeq., M.P. returned home the lady very properly made the proposal. I other day from a trip to the Rockies. withhold names for fear of spoiling the Coulosige, Sept, jfc —Watchman. I match,	Tahcbid.
1884: Canada::~much to the discredit of this small satell- King-street West, Toronto, , and enclose
1884: Canada::~Chimney Tope.  Dement, Vent Linings. Water Lime, Pin* Covets, Whiting,
1884: Canada::~Running in oonnectlsn with the Grand Trunk Railway of . Hailing from Quebec every Haturdar during the euzamer mouth», and from Portland erory Thar»<l*y during the winter mon the. Hailing date# from
1884: To place it in every household tub pbioi ea# ml 9.50, and if not found satisfactory, moau# refunded. See wh»~l ihe "Canada Preebyterlaa." #ara about it—The Mod' I Washer ar d Bleacher which Mr. 0. W. Dennis offers to the public has many and valuable advantages. It Is a time and labor saving machine, substantial and enduring, and is very ch ap. From tria in the household we ran totify to it# excellence Delivered to any express offie in the Provinces of Du UrioandQuebte. Chargee paid 9.00. Bend for oil «dart
1884: “~If the government ask for power to lot out how even emigrants from France who out contracts on lines that have been al- have lived some years in Canada, thinking ready thoroughly surveyed and located, to return home and enjoy the delights ot 1 would not blame those who approved of European civilization at what they deem the policy of the government for giving its centre, find themselves, after a brief
1884: “~The Like Su|x'rior section from the terests may call them elsewhere, to almn eastern terminus of the main Pacific to don Canada for a new abiding place. Fort William will be 020 miles long, and Many who first came as transient visitors when completed it will otter to the trathe have, after some month » stay, decided to of the Canadian, and to a large part of the art up their penates here altogether, am American Northwest, the shortest all rail of those who, in the discharge of duty, route to the sea board. It is not needed have Hjxmt some portions of their lives takink? till the prairies have been opened up by amongst us, there are few, indeed, w ho the line to the Rocky Mountains. After do not entertain affection ever aftci for that has been built it may be safely com the country and the [>oople. pleted as a commercial work—one that But Mr. Fabre*s pleas for t anada are will pay better year by year, and will not merely of a sentimental character. It ultimately be a very valuable property.' Frenchmen and Englishmen become at-
1884: (t) That tlu> v .instruction «»~f the toad is politically a manifest and pressing tie ccssity, and that commercially it is of the wry highest importance fur Canada.
1884: Canada::~denying the existence backs, such as no country is without.  is not an earthly paradise—such regions exist only in the poet s imagination l»ut its resources arc great and manifold ami its defects are not insuperable by human industry. A little while ago. for instance, the colony of Manitoba (not to speak of the great expanse beyond stretching over the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific shores) was separated from the older portions of the Dominion by dis.... tanws that made communication extreme-complained m I-..* ]v aittiiiilt and tedious. But thanks to that Sir Charles Tapper's policy had do- f|lv spirit of enterprise and to favorable laved for a year the commencement of the circumstances, opportunely turned to ac..." „ ...........- sr'iisrsasr.'«i %
1884: Canada::~tional existence. It must be pushed tending this meeting. It is likely that a to sell Goods cheaper than the Cheap-through at whatever expense. We believe large number of leading educationalists as eet to make room for Fill stock it can be so pushed through, not only well from this Province as elsewhere w ill without being a burden pecuniarily to be present to take part in the discussions , but with an absolute profit in and in consequence the meeting promises every point of view. Without such a line	to lie an unusually interesting one. Let
1884: France:Canada:~lia was to be compensate for the failure ear of , there is no risk of  to carry out the original terms of union, kdng either forgotten or misrepresented
1884: CANADA::~BOWMANVILLE, ONTARIO,.
1884: To place it to every household rot frici eà» am beducsd to 3.Î~6, and if not found satisfactory, money refunded, lee what the "Canada Presbyterian, says about tt-The Model Washer and Bleacher which Mr. Ü. W. Dennis offers to the public has many and valuable advantages. It Is a time and labor saving machlha, substantial and enduring, and is very cheap. From trial la the household we can testify to its excellence. Delivered to any express office In the Provinces ef #n tnrio and Quebec. Chargee paid 06. Bend for circulais.
1884: Canada::~Every Canadian must feel proud of his ountry when he reflects on the fact stat-1 by Sir John Macdonald, at Bell's Cor-er's last Wednesday that  is the ilv part of the American continent from hich live cattle can he taken into Great iBritain and Ireland. With all their faults
1884: Canada::~the Sabbath School Association of 	There was great excitement m the town	taries should not delay but call at once and secure a	Glassware,	Hardware,	Tinware, in fact
1884: Canada::~himself before attaching the chain to it. Having promised, however, to tip you a wa]k to the shanty and get into bed Mr. Bourke was 72 years of ago at the | 8liaro something must bo said or written. on the following day he died from his in time of his death. He was a native of Yesterday was a glorious one and of course juries, which were of an internal charact Ireland but had resided in  for the churches were well tilled. The ap-1 er
1884: Canada::~1*.  Ui tmMit, Y mit Ltniugi Lime, Hui Cour», Whitlng,
1884: Canada::~AddreBB "lltCTII." Box 10. Toronto, .
1885: beat, I think ”~	point, because ahe thought a little amuse	eaped dieoovrry,	where ahe had concealed	Canada. The fall of 1881 he predicted	detective following. They worn
1885: Canada::~their brothers at their mother's success.	hE guilt, had fled and remained In eon-	New Year. Aa far aa eastern	 is	“ * women captivts from the Whit. Hirer
1885: Ottawa January 2t>. I he tlurd ae.ssion ! -rH*cl»~vvvnu is a prepossessing speaker, of the hfth parliament of Canada, was „Uvl|t wllj VM*v in delivery, and gifted opened to-day by the tiov.-tiencral with , with a cieill| W tll tuned voice, and scored the usual |nqa*smg ceremonies. Hie at- , Ulte a 8llCtTtt8 m his maiden effort. Mr. tendance on the occasion was unusually , ^wnnend, SirCharlesTupper’s »ucccs«or, large, the weather though cold, oemg clear WMS .,i8„ happy in the scope of matter of and fa vont hie for smbt-aceing. Shortly • hu s.,vvvh j„ seconding the address, speak-before .? o clock His Excellency and stall hig deliberately and easy in a voice dis Arrived at the pail lament building* where tinc(lv |,eaid throughout the chamber, lie was received by a detachment of tlie He ma(|v sulllv vXeellent |*>iiits, and neat-Uovernor General s hoot («uaids and the ! jy vulltr;lstvd the report» of the members Princess Louise Dragoons and escorted f of the \^iw\x association on the condition to the Senate Chamber. Mr. ^>cakei a|ul 1( .tH „f 8ettjm in t],e Northwest
1885: Canada::~t rgont representations have been made could liardly be expected to accept this by the boards of trade of the chief towns statement, but that it was not made w ithin , as well as by some of the chain- out some foundation, inasmuch as the tor hers of commerce of Great Britain, of the ies had played the very devil with the v. , „	« • .	« necessity that exists for the adoption of liberals, thus neatly turning to hie adyan-
1885: intimation that the franchise will he «m- j «~ to be held iu London in 188fi. Canada youth, full of honors, at the head of a larged in Ontario at tho present session ' should, 1 think, he represented iu her y rest and strong party, in the house and of the Legislature of that province and varions manufactures and natural produc- m the country, he deftly turned the shafts
1885: Canada::~ing writers in , an author of wide GKEORGiE FRASERj
1885: Canada::~Lespcrance, presents in elegant English, historical facts in relation to  of deep interest to all Canadians, critically treats the work of the poets of the past and present, and discourses in a charming style upon the literary productions of the
1885: Canada::~The Government will defray the coet of freigb conveying Canadian Exhibits to Antwerp, and from Antwerp to London, and also ot returning them to  in the event of their not being Bold.
1885: usa:Canada:~three thond killed and wounded. Herbert, tho special correspondent of the London Post, was formerly secretary to Lord Dtafferin when the latter was Governor-General of . He witnessed the battles of Tel-el-Kebir, El Tob and Tamai, and was severely wounded at the last named. The News' correspondent says General Stewart, hoping to surprise the enemy,left Abou Klea wells on Saturday afternoon, marched through tho entire night, sighting the river at daybreak.
1885: Canada::~Chi'Daey Topa,  Ciment, Vent Lining#,
1885: Canada::~The government of  was anxiou ieving the county from the bonus before
1885: Canada::~tObhnnt-y Tone,  C'en vat. Vent Llntags, Water Lime, _ Flue Cos ors,	Whiting,
1885: Canada::~K.ag-atreet West. TW onto, , and etcioi itamp for their trohlko on catarrh — itn*
1885: nor by spontaneous generation, seemed to the writer to be endowed with immortality. It subdivided itself, both parts having the |mwer of again repeating the sanie oiicration, without diminishing its vitality. To which of these three illustra tiens of the power of reproducing themselves, your correspondent, Mr. McKeti-letter belongs, your readers may judge for themselves. Certain it is tint' every reason be vives against the Scott Act have been disposed of time and again, without finally depriving them of the |h»w er of rea plica ling again to serve the saint turn in some other place. They were probably used before Mr. McKenna eve»~ thought of them, and they will be used long after be will have discarded them as unworthy of him. They were used in out contests here, they are those used by king Dodds, they form the only argument which has been addressed to the public of Canada, and as such they deserve my at tent ion, especially as 1 am in hopes that Pontiac may do itself the credit of soon testing the question.
1885: Canada::~ton are to the effect that the steamer  were it not for the lo
1885: Canada::~for the British flag. The British flag to clear invasion of tho territory of Afghan-1 day, he said, would not be floating in istan without even the pretence of military Pf ton are to the effect that the steamer I  were it not for the loyalty of the necessity.”	*
1885: Canada::~500,000 of the people of  lose one the Magnetewan River. It is a beautiful
1885: Canada::~Rond 8c. stamp for largest Catalogue ever issued in .
1885: Canada::~the narrow Durwssi pass, and other ob- tuig-etieet West, Toronto, , and steloee	Th© New Co-Operative
1885: Canada::~by the people of , of all denominations, as it deserves.
1885: Canada::~immigrants come that  is not a	strange consisted of a detachment of the	- £ g	rj
1885: Canada::~The Liberal party simply manifest how little claim they have to the name they sport in their opposition to confer the suffrage on Indians having the requisite i "Mi tv qualification. The opposition i aii not be based on the part of the Indians; t.ie franchise in  is not in any re-
1885: Tho Press ass- fciation publishes the following, w hich it says w as obtained from a reliable source:— “~ Early in January Alfred Aylward, notorious in connection with the Boer rebellion, arrived in London from New York. He warn extremely reticent, but told his friends that before long he would again prove a sliarp thorn in the side of the British Government. He went to Paris and remained there a fortnight, describing himself as a surgeon-dentist. He carefully avoided English and Irish haunts, ignoring Fenian leaders. The informant says Aly ward's visit was connected w ith the Riel rebellion and the furthering of a movement among the French population of Canada for separation from Groat Britain, that France encourages tho idea directly by organized emigration and intrigue far more than the English or loyal Canadians realize. Riel’s affair was simply an expriment designed to accustom the French-Canadians to feel and think asa distinct race. About the middle of March Aly ward sailed for New York, afterwards going to St. Paul, Minn. After his arrival at St. Paul many officers of tho Irish Republican brotherhood went westward, includingCapt. .
1885: •Unit manager of the transport service in connection with Col. Otter’~s expedition to Battleford. Another informant says George was tho first man who delivered Swift-Current despatches at Battleford. We think it should be gratifying to Pontiac to hear of her sons , thus rendering such signal service to Canada in the hour of her trial.
1885: Canada::~could not be a traitor to . Asked why lie went to the States, he said : At the solicitation of Archbishop Tache. He continued : 441 know that the government was between a cross-tire from tfrv opposition and my sympathizers. ï'told the Archbishop that there seemed something wrong ill asking mo to go, but 1 would leave tho consequences with him. He said a friend or friends would give me two hundred pounds. I replied that I would take money in that way, but if tho government would i«y me for my services while governor and while serving against the Fenians and give mo something for damages 1 would. After a while an assurance was given, and 1 went to St. Paul and stayed then' some months. When the elections ^ame on the Archbishop sent for mo and I came back. 1 was returned for Provenchor throe times and as often turned out of tho house and. doored an outlaw, and then 1 went to tho States to which I was banished for five years .
1885: nearer to the parapet, farther and farther apect. Sir Robert Carmichael waa one of Cascade mountain which has just been exclusively in Illustrating the new from the man who has aworn to cherish the handsomest young men 1 ever pa-sed, Is a stupendous elevation of rock Bu|d«~-book to Canada, compiled and juat and protect her—a dumb horror In her saw—deriving Its name from a email stream f“<»d by the Dominion Government, eyes an on her parted lips. “ CressIda, ; And will be the bandeomeat old one, that oozee high up from Its eastern aide, Mise Alger, of Boston, says that in her eve o owed yon all d«y, ar.d trrcxed , ae yon will admit when yon aee him—the and leaps down in pretty cascades from experience as a visitor for the associated you own—at last. Yon shah listen to , handsomest and dearest and beet—that many an abrupt ledge, till reaching the charities, ahe finds no drunkenness among me, ahall hear reaaon, shall accept my Is to say, he was,' the young lady adds, level it loses ita Identity in the waters of the Italians, and the greatest fastidious-lather a oler I	catching herself up with considérable vl- Devil's Head Creek.	ness, coupled with economy, among the
1885: ling water, while the passers-by stare cur- mitted quietly. She would have joined The l ac of Opium In San Fran- «~hlning jewel In the crown of Canada, lonely at the beautiful bewildered “ lost"- no friends eve those in Heaven, with	cisco
1885: The British Coinage System. Daring lest year the coins «~track by the British mint were of no leas than thirty-four different kinds. In addition to the different pieces used in the United Kingdom, the authorities were called upon to provide silver cents for Hong Kong, silver and bronze cent: for Canada, bronze plasters for Cyprus, nickel pence and farthings for Jamaica, bronze farthinps for Matte, bronze cents for Mauritius, and silver and bronae coins for other colonies. Among the curious coins struck were silver pennies and half- pennies for the special use of the queen. They comprise her “Maundy money,'• and are given to the poor of the parish to which ahe belongs on Easter Monday of each year. The coinage of “Maundy money " la of very ancient origin. Last year it comprised £50 sterling worth of two pennies, £81) of four-pennies, and £58 of pennies.
1885: Canada:England:~The directors of the mint make no suggestions about givlngupthe ancient system of coinage and substituting one that would be much more convenient to the people. The Canadians saw how easy It waa to compute the money used in the United States, and adopted the same system of currency many years ago. Bt knowledge Is required to compute money when the coins increase in value in a tenfold ratio. The decimal system of coinage results In a great saving of time, and prevents many mistakes. The money used In the United State* and  Is the most assy tc compute of any lu the world, while that of  la the moe„ difficult.
1885: or the | Ur Ose of forming a Cun. d i j t hi. o the G.iveiuuient to furnish a • rade sect,ou of those members inieiw a , 1IIC ,.. * set tiers in the North-West n the commeice and ship;dug of Cinada. „•~, .... ].omog |avo been destroyed, ' r who -Mr Charles Tupper. who presided, ddive, llVv lu- u unable to put in crops during ud a very lengthy speech, which wim , present y :r in c msequeuce of the re mucli applauded. He dwelt upon tie l)t.; j .> r John Med,maid said the act that the tide of emigration was te w | ,tt r was receiving the earnest attention directed to Canada rather than to the I'll ,, the Government. He also stated in bed States. He defended the system n j msiver t" tile same gentleman that it is un-ditied protection, which. h« s iid. «	. mtoiiti<>n of the Government to c mi-
1885: Canada::~*' let' That being a member of the G v enuoent of , I cann t accent then resolutions which urn an unjust uondem nnt:on of the action of the G a eminent.
1885: “~ 2uJ. That ns a citizen of Canada I ca
1885: Canada::~1 period of time; and in expressing the hope that Sir Leonard will shortly again enjoy robust health, we voice the feeding of every man in .—Montreal Gazette.
1885: Canada:Italy:~Italy is now sending canned oysters to . If It were not so moan we might retaliate by sending some organ-grinders to .
1885: Canada::~Sirs. Tho advocates of the Scott Act, whilst asking others to believe in and adopt their absurd theories, that the  Teni|H*ranco Act is a moral means for the prevention of drunkenness,never touch on how that Act works in the county of Renfrew. The reason is simple and easily reached. Renfrew is too near Pontiac. Stories of the ruin committed in Renfrew by rum would only make people laugh the laugh of incredulity. The people of Pontiac are too near and too closly identified with Renfrew not to know that the Scott Act has ruined business in that county. Every day fresh evidences of that fact crops forth. The news|wi|>ers, with the exception of the Renfrew Mercury ("and it# youthful editor, temperance William, is a crank on whiskey") say that the working of the Scott Act in the county of Renfrew has not only been a failure, but worse. Highly estimable clergymen, thoroughly acquainted with how matters stand, say that the Act ha# been worse than a failure, that it has been a curse, for it has driven young men w ho formerly were ashamed to be seen in a public bar-room, to have recourse to drain sh<qw or low shebeens Human nature loves that which is surrounded with difficulties. Stolen waters are sweet, consequently the youthful mind conceives It something of an adventure to be able to procure liquor despite the fact that the law says they cannot. There species of romance in this that is captivat ing to the youthful mind, and the qneuves are there are many young who would not care to have themselves seen drinking in a public place, seek these secluded retreats and then indulge in the
1885: mown ; they tried to thrust it down their » can t xnake out . Am we	nay well, defined edge. Of two thousand who Europe, but they have bien concocting ft*®~ other	Canada or the
1885: are anxious to give it a weigh.	I over one ba’~f of one per cent, or one In two Wellington street east, Toronto, Canada.
1885: Canada::~Hoad, the last resting place of many of the whites of two eggs to a still froth with four Protestant dead of Montreal and of  ! table#poonfnls of powdered sugar and add
1885: 8oat‘~ered all over Canada; many others of Baked Apples—Wash, and then wipe fined $‘200 for neglecting to place warning them never had rei stives living here, being dry| five firm apples, and cut uut the lights at night to mark dangerous openings young men—~Scotch lads, who came over at blossom ends ; pack them In a large pud- in the roadway, the consequence being that early day to seek their fortune# In ding-dish ; pour a cupful of water over thit a carriage was overturned and Its oc-Canada, lie buried there ! No kind eye to them, cover the dish closely, set In a moder- cupants thrown out.
1885: ••~Barbara Ann ? Did she come with you ? corded on this headstone, visited Canada holders, serving a better purpose than loops Where is she? questioned the giant ; and over one hundred yuan ago, in 1774. then to hang by.
1885: •• The heathen ? Well, I guess that prêt- oo boardjof a British man-of-war, during the ;* from the window, ty well fits all of ns—'specially,the 'Fat N\o- bittle of Bunker's Hill, an i was an eye wit Don’t say 44 mlchy" for milk, 44 ridey” for man,' ” laughed the giant, winking at the ness of that battle. Twenty-five years la‘er ride ; baby will understand “~hand mamma last named monstrosity, who chuckled in re- he became a permanent settler in Canada, your little drees” as readily as if you said turn. “I'll put you up where you can see and vu one of the first Scotchmen to cut •« bring Me ittle dess ti mamma.” all there is to be seen ; " and he placed Nan down a tree in the then wilds of Argente nil. Dont talk servants or family matters to on the platform among the “curiosities. ' Hugh Fraser, the sleeper In that lone callers, and don’t tell them the exact date Lonely, frightened and forlorn ihe stood grave, faraway from hie native hills, nr* of their last call. They will be likely to there. The 44 Learned Pig" thrust his nose blooming heather nor blue bells of old Scotia make the interval Icnger the nr xt time, against her, the Albino smiled at her, and to mark the spot ! wae born about the year Djnt’t fail, in conversation, to occasion-suddenly a dreadful suspicion seized her 17.30, in Inverness, Scotland. This was a ully pause and give the listener an oppor-that these people might mean to keep her few years alter the Scotch Rebellion of 43. tunity to speak, and don’t mistake polit) always. What if shenad to live in a place Hie father and all his father a re’ativee were Henning, prolonged, for Interest in your like this and never saw home or mamma in the 1* raser Regiment on fatal Culled en, lubject. again ? At last the crowd near the door fighting for Royal Prince Charlie I Hie thinned a little, and watching her chance, mother, with hundreds of other Sootchwo-Nan sprang to the ground and tied as if the men were In the Fraser camp, following the whole company were after her.	fortunes and the misfortunes of the clan.
1885: Canada::~In Paris it is Illegal for a newsdealer to lend out a newspaper to any one for reading purposes. If it ware illegal in  for a subscriber to lend his paper to his next door net, some litt
1885: Eastern desjx’~ts with the blatant mouthpiece of a nee existing among us in this Western hemisphere, it is by no means < u of place t * point out to the latter that in this Dominion of Canada we have a con
1885: Canada::~The history of French  presents a inoial to many nations. Conquered by an alien and victorious one yet mho possesses cvcy right and even more privileges than sho ever e njoyed, arid what is more, those rights are backed by a power that the greatest on enith rtspcct, if they d not love or admire.
1885: Canada::~Of , Comprising
1885: Canada::~The liquidation being peremptory, dealers and the general public are now affo: 1*1 such an opportunity as has never occurred heretofore in .
1886: N Intoon years ago last «~lano 1 accompanied the Foul me in their attempted Invasion ot Canada. I wan only one and twenty years old then, but 1 had served two years in the Northern army during the rebdUon. 1 lived in tho hope of some day seeing “ the green above the red,” a feeling In w hich marly all the Irish soldiers shared, W e used to talk about it around the camp tin s, and think of it on picket until relief aroused un from reveries. In a boyish way I often fancied that 1 was on duty , pacing my beat, on a hillside in Ireland, and that the rebel
1886: Canada::~HT., TOK INTO. Finest rooms In America. Practical in every department. Teachers pushing and energetic, and know what they teach, hndorsed by the leading business men of Ontario; lie graduate h are filling positions of trust Ineverv city, town and village In  Hend for new circular C O'hKA. Secretary
1886: 4 CiFYTft U INTI II FOR THF HEAT H’~U 4 V IftCi Pateutul Article In Canada to-day. Send 25 cents for Sample and Agents Terms. Dsuot LUS
1886: Canada::~ai d the Hie! agitation in  these pditical leanings, coining out at the head have been among the most prominent of thv poll, features of the year just ended. Mm frval Ctarffo
1886: Canada::~For a considerable length of time past the customs authorities have had before I their notice information regarding the ini! (nutation ,,f America prison labor productions, which the statutes of  say is urv lUiaehed the aotunl hignuliin-s the nature
1886: Canada::~t ie | e. ph ; because, especially, we haw championed the claims <>f the Irish Catholics to welf-gnveniincnt at Louie and tu their just share of pHtro.mge and repre-a niati"Ti it; this free land of ; Is-cause, t«m, we Save resisted and * ill rrsiet. to the bitter end. the ira-Wlawtii.g in tlu.stfoiintryofth.it I'roteatantaweudeiicy 6>r the advimacy of which the Equity w;ia in part or entirely founded. W\ « an tcJl Messrs. Smith and t< wan, and thUr owners, that however well abuse of Hie Her. Father C’fdfcy way take with certain chtaaee wi the neighl>urliOf.d of Dry se n. then is an horn et and «dependent eh-ntnraUi in Pf-ntiac that will take it at Wa worth. We will dost by convt ylngto Mr. Johr. Pry ton. M P.. the information that If he and his organ • snt light they Mill, or. the lines laid down by the Utter, get fully as mu h Uurtof as will at East fur a dor occupy their minds.**
1886: Canada::~of pork ini|N>rted into , which is abuut 80,3ti3 barrel», the most of which
1886: Canada::~Mr. (Fiver King, who ha- j ast won the uttered lor a piano concerto by I, Hrmstiiead \ Sons ( f London, h g., piai Ht to the Princess she was in .
1886: Canada::~o u	or ment of , and that another Cabinet
1886: Apropos of Lord Carnarvon’~s rumored return in England to the Secretaryship of State for the C >loniee, the Herald remarks ; It was this office InLard Beaoonsfield’~e Cabinet that he resigned on a question arising out of the Rosso Turkish war. He was a successful minister on the whole, though he failed in his attempt to confederate the South African Colonies after the example of Canada. He will be remembered in Canada as having been the Secretary of State for the Colonies when the act confederating the British North American Colonies rae passed, and as the umpire In the dispute be tween the Dominion and the Province of British Colombia, although the so called C srn ary on terms were the suggestions of the Csnadian Government and not the Colonial Secretary’s. Lord Carnarvon is still in the prime of a statesmen's life, having been born in 1831. The office that Colonel Stanley, the present Colonial Secretary, Is to take is not mentioned.
1886: Canada::~IfT., TORONTO. Finest rooms In America. Practical In every department. Teachers pushing and oner* getlo. and know what they teach. Endorsed by the leading business men of Ontario. Its graduates are fillIng positions of trust In every city, town and village of . Send for new circular q ODEA. Secretary.
1886: [ «ion of iron oie into the Tinted S ate» 1 ,!*}’ t,,e visHin M.w Sjaok Link. Messrs ft. & H. | free of duly has revived tho spirits of j «~ 'ouis, who tmk up a position Holilis have started a daily stage line ho- those owning mines in Canada, and it is volunteers. Sharp at three tlio Vu, i tween Shaw ville and f fry son. The stage | probable that this industry will he pushed	tNtllil'as,! «Htercd the eastern gate,
1886: good reason that it don’t believe in libels/ i »~wnt of Canada was formally opened by Our entein is singularly forgetful when His Excellency the (Governor General the it chooses to bo ho. We presume the Mui'pij* of Lansdow ne, at three o'clock metamorphosis which it underwent by the 1 *a8t Thursday. Tho wt at her was not attachment of Mr. McC. to its proprie- favorable, being considerably milder than	vnMTll u.v
1886: Canada::~Into merry dancing ripples over the pebbles of  will remember this room.	annoyed by letters and communications I de words of Socrates to de Egyptians :	230 miles. Carrying a line thence to Bhamo
1886: Canada::~One Million pair n use In  and U. 8.
1886: Canada::~Mr. Wrigley is only a short time a resident of , and has already won hie way into the confidence and esteem of the Hudson B&y company * fliolals, who speak of him in the highest possible wav
1886: medicine in y h» given id r*#* or off «, without toe knowledge of the person taking it, <f so desired Said two 3c «lamps fo- full p rticulars and nesdmonMs of those whd Inv h»«~ n onr,.d	>1. V. Lfibail, 47 Wellington St Emt, Toronto. Canada.
1886: Canada::~Patented Article In  to-day. Bend 26 cents for Sample and Agents' Terms. Dslooohi Sc Co., Guelph.
1886: Canada::~Senator I rye nf Maine lias devised brilliant scheme for wiping  out of existence. Mis plan is for the I’nited States to enter into a commercial union wit!) Mexico, Central America, and the S mth American nations
1886: Canada::~.4 nr;/, nriri'h^^	n/; nutn os mi continent with the exception of ,
1886: Canada:usa:~how little it will hot her us statesmen will he surprised to find out in j C e course of time that  can peddle ' her own canoe, without the American steamer throwing  tow-rent
1886: Canada::~and distance by the Ottawa route route could also be built in the same, or less, time than the St. Lawrence, van be altered ; it would not cost more than about half the money, and the result would he that  would have two strings to her how, in the shape <»f two of the finest canals the world ever saw bring this subject under your notice
1886: may be modified in committee. in conversation with Mr. Curran, M. 1’., that gentleman told the representative of the (nwtte that there was not the slightest difficulty iu so far as Canadian j»-»~litics concerned a brut the introduction of resolution of sympathy with home rule for Ireland and he would be only too happy to take charge of such resolutions, but that whilst in Montioal last week he had consulted several of those who had been identified with the homo rule movement ever since its inception, ns lie himself had been, and that the opinion on all hands was that Canada had alien ly un-1 equivocally expressed herself in fivor of home rule for Ireland, that whilst a nso-luti m carr e l unanimously, as the lait
1886: per hour, and e bov oen do Ibe work. It will pay lee Itself In a week, ft can bi adjusted to out large so small pickets; will al*o out equate pickets. All machine cam be adjusted to out In any way desired, dead for drooler, active agents wanted. Bole egeeü~ for tie Dominion of Canada Toaorro Picurwna Fuel Go., 161 River Street, Toronto.
1886: Canada:Canada:~tien is to hand with the compliments of Sir Charles Tupper, High Commissioner for . A map of the Dominion is attached. There is a brief historic prelude to the catalogue, in which is shewn the geographical greatness of the s as compared with other countries book will l>v found invaluable and of much interest to anyone who may desire information regarding the great exhibition.
1886: Canada::~or , Comprising
1886: Canada::~'Union Bank of Lower , deposed 1873, the Montreal and city of Ottawa as will ensure due despatch of malls for trains that he knew the deceased defaulter for	Junction Hailway Comfwny applied to the	fo,lowe:
1886: of the Crown Lands department, testified sequel)tly amalgamated under the corpor-that since taking office he had given ate name of “~Tho Canada Atlantic Bail security and that his present instructions WHy Company. ” The construction of the were to deposit in hank all cash received n,ad «as delayed for tivo or six years and
1886: it amounted to $100 Asked railway communication was ultimately by Mr. Stephens when his books were given by tho cum|>etition of the Q. M. O. last audited by the Provincial Auditor. & O. Railway. The city corporation rely he replied that the accounts were sent to i„g on the fact that the work of construct-Mr. Drolet on the 30th of Juno last, but ,„~g the Canada Atlantic had been aban-he never saw him or any other officer of dimed, took no step to levy a rate to create tho audit branch in the department check- a sinking fund, or to make a provision for ing the books or verifying the vouchers the pay meut of debentures, and in 1878 and promissory notes. Witness said he the city debt was consolidated without had been in the department twenty six reference to this by-law. years, and, as near an he could estimate, The case will likely be taken to the Privy the logs sustained by the Gale defalcation Council.	H
1886: Canada::~The sort festers el the forest display of  Is the small trophy
1886: •~agbee Aid oars were damaged le the ex-1 withe eoere ef 666 peinte, Canada making 6*1 ef sheet 61,000.	646,Aeetrnlia042 and Indin 505. The Can-
1886: Canada::~there aw in  men of intellect and	the LegJlativuUnion of
1886: Canada::~sary to exp* _ hostility displayed by the Advance. towards the local member fur Pontiac, Mr. W. J. Poupore. I have no intention to follow the sig-*sg career of that journal in th* past, nor do I purpose copying the vwy abusive style that it employs. Thife Is a species of degenerate journalism In  to-day, that, like the volcanoes of piud of which we read in J ales Verne, belches forth st et ited periods lava tides of vituperation. It is a hydra, possessing the venom ai well ss the sting of the serpent; and one head of that biasing monster seems to have appeared in our midst.
1886: and “renegade”~ to hie parly.	P<>hcy of race and revenge did not end xtiereforw, no alternative will be left Lord courte in Canada on the validity of the charily to your own reputation, remain
1886: Canada::~EHr Charles Tapper will sail for  on the 19th pros, on important public
1886: Canada::~*................... Miss Pritchazd left for Manitoba on Quebec by the beautiful steamer '.' "Gold Dust the winner, taking three
1886: Canada::~and of the Dominion of  require the * ‘ **¦ w	Imo, all m Calabna. The people were
1886: Among tho yearling» there be erected at Sudbury and the work per- ponent—~you elect an amateur, who will ad bv Mr. Archie Mohr formed in Canada. Mr. Ritchie, the man- sit in the cold shade of Opposition, and
1886: and the Lip.”—~The following item, sent	was one exhibited by Mr. Archie Mohr	formed in Canada.
1886: Let us change for a minute. 1 know that you Equity men are good natured. Many hoiHj that your good nature will not make you as kind as your cotems who allow their paper to be a moans of inflicting gush on their readers —few read—~a glance reveals the horror and they shun it. A fow weeks since one of Canada s brilliant poets, in writing me, inquired if any more such stuff, as lines on the death of Leader had appeared in the Advance. I waa able to give him a choice sample. If he reads i he will have a slight novitiate of perdition
1886: CANADA::~OJP ,
1886: IB. ARMSTRONG M FC CO (I’~D) GUELPH CANADA.
1886: T P. 610UBIIB, DOCTO* in MKDICINB, imiu while wilkin.. (irni	dilP,,eition, w»‘~ tufiic e tly kn ,wn	, Mr. It of the Canada Life Insumnci
1886: Canada::~mainetl liehind. Thinking to view the en-	k i tfc ilOTfcS.	ought to be grown especially for this pur- this source. The northwest of  still	while the.statistics show
1886: of it Shunt says that “not 25 per cent banished these bosom friends of hie; but of the votes cast for hour re were politi- find lie he» a stock yet in hand. He cal votes " Great Jupiter Ammon ! What should Iwwaro lest Ins bosom friends kind of vides, were they, pitiyl Oh. Shunt, might turn out back biters after the Shunt! I am afraid you are being rapid Ont fashion, Butter induce stock by lv shunted on to a truck that leads to a giving a few hundreds to the Frrr Pr,„~ climate more torrid than Canada, even in in exchange for l.nt crowing roostors, the doiz-daye. Beware-beware friend- which would obviate the » «easily of any
1886: Gentlemen,—It is not a common thing for a vanquished party to celebrate its own defeat. Grits do sometimes, and, it is needle** to say, they do it exquisitely. Some thirty years since they gave their defeated candidate a dinner, of which, one who was there published a notice, in which was the following: “~Sayer never excelled it and Ude never equalled !" This was refreshing! To think that London could not excel a little rural community in Canada. Merciers orphans celebrated the defeat of their candidate in your village by makings bonfire. 1 auppoee the yelling for Merrier could not have been excelled by a band of Iroquois.
1886: court, for his psins-tsliing mamicr snd punulie, o.tion.l sins »~. well ss individu-efforts to arrive at a correct knowledge of al ones. It may possibly he that God the cases brought befote him, his easy will, for a little while visit Canada with a
1886: England::~New shipment from , Ex-Steamship " Nor “~How ' weglan." Iziwewt prices to the trade. We are sole agents In Canada for McBride's Celebrated Sheep Casings. Write for quotations.
1886: Unequalled Durability and Finish. £~ g ARMSTRONG M F C Co! IL'DI CUELPH CANADA.
1886: “~ ' CAN BE CURED. - Send for Pamphlet. W. ##. Crumb, M. D., St, Catharines, Out. Canada, #
1886: Canada::~English Double-barreled Breech-loading Guns, side ac tion, 10-bore, packed in a case, price $12.00. Will ship any guns c.o.d., with privilege to examine upon receipt of sufficient cash to pay express charges lioth wave, which will be deducted from price of gun. W. M. COOPER, Largest Gun Dealer In , 09 Bay St, Toronto.
1886: Canada:United States:~The great reputation of Briggs' Electric Oil is such that it nas induced unprincipled persons to adopt other names as near as possible. The proprietors of Briggs Electric Oil have the name and style of the Electric Oil registered both in  and the , and no one can use It but themselves.
1886: Canada::~In fact eo determined were they that they brought a suit at Law, in the High Court of , to deprive Briggs A Sons of their right to control the same ; but the Courts and the Minister of Agriculture at Ottawa full v sustained their registered trade mark.
1886: cislly selected timbers. But after all the The Herald adds: “This was all that great resu’~t will I* in drawing the colon- the dynamite chieftain had to say on the together. All of the colonies now object, and no amount of questioning want to trade direct with Canada, and not wou]d j,tduce him to tell anything further, only have we much that we could givathem	as was Rossa s comment, its tone
1886: Canada::~In the Montreal Journal ot Commerce, Jhe nth* r colon ies* They"were not jeal- ^ingtoUd. rtwy t^eeems^hlt Mr. a commercial journal, independent of ous that  had the best exhibit. Davitt, when he denounced the Phœnix party, but with a leaning towards free “Did the Exhibition pay the money y * remove Is' four years ago, became
1886: Canada::~Perhaps the beet known saloon kee;xir in  is Charles McKiornun, allait "Joe who fell in Kgypt was a young
1886: Canada::~In January, 1874, Sam Grtner stilted at sveond only to that of Nm .Ivnakiuld in on*recelpt of staiuplry A. H. Dixon A Son, 308 King night from his ranch to Del Rio. Near his second attempt to cross Greenland in Street Meet, Toronto, .
1887: Canada::~Apple# From #
1887: CANADA::~w  PERMANENT
1887: weglan." Ix>weet prices to the trade. We are sole Hum* of #4 mimI upward* received at current rates Vient»~ in Canada for McBride'* Celebrated Sheep Co* of interest, paid or compounded half-yearly.
1887: CANADA::~LARGEST GUN STORE IN .
1887: work for her husband deserves to be looked	IÛ~G Law and the iTODtJ.	I Street West, Toronto. Canada.
1887: Canada::~The fa lib re figures for the Dominion of  show very slight changes as compared with last year, the number of failures In the Dominion for 1886 being 1,252, as against 1,256
1887: Canada::~States In 1886 and In  one person In every 50
1887: against hi* opponent In that gentleman's a 1 shall not, therefore, say anything fur- |18U8ht toe only safeguard the people absence, to which lie adhered during the t|lfr than that gentleman was not a candi- “V®’~. 8,,d timniplin^ into the dust the wholeofhlsupwch.but he threw n few straight (latc, Mr. Donald DutTbelng the man. I flatly principles which have <x*t the lives of and strong shafts at the hatch of grits from | ,ieny that ike gentlemen named as "liquor I 80,116 *be 1)081 men Canada ever saw. Hryson and vicinity who bounded W. J. Pou-	candidates" went before the electors a* such, 1 1 **>	** lamentable that the man who has
1887: Canada::~' | set sail for  in 1871. He was only . j thirty-nine years of age. In his last mo-j ments he was attended by the Rev. Father Sloan.
1887: together had disappeared and the min-1 at dominion election, fixed for Tues- l'é~lection de la Puissance du Canada fix e liters now in office were usurpers, nas	, v,	. ,	,	.
1887: Canada::~ful climate we enjoy in . Along the worst part of the C. P. R line, that north , of Lake Superior, the workmen were in re Two ladies went into a butcher shop in mutably good health in the most trying Kansas city one evening recently*) buy some time Gf the year. That region has come to lirer At the first mention of the word liver regarded as a veritable sanatarium, and the butcher suddenly, with a frenzied look, ^ physicians send their patients there as of sudden terror, rage or pain, seized his ^ summer to find in the bracing air a rester-chopper and began to bear it violently with ative which no medicine can supply.
1887: Canada::~within  shall have the manufacturer** mu I If cate of n nalywls phi ceil upon or securely at incited to each pa< kmge I y he mamiftici tirer If the fertilizer I* In In gs. It shall Im« dis.
1887: Promotion.—~The Olllcial Gazette of Saturday last contained the ffillow notice : Ciia:Km Bovrvmvo It-iulvau, .. Calgary, in the North West TerritojU a, in the Dominion of Canada, Enquire, lute a Stipendiary Magistrate for t!io said N**rth cat I'eriitoiii-s ; to be a Judge of the Supreme Court of the Nor Jr West Teritorriue.
1887: Canada::~New shipment from Bmrisnd, Kx Stesmahlp * Not weirtan." Lowest price# to the trade. We ere eole Vent# In  for MoBrlde'e Celebrated Sheep Oee-Inge. Write for quotations.
1887: A special Mail despatch from Ottawa says The seed-testing department of the (iovtrnment Experimental Farm near this city is now ready for work. Bulletin No. 1, just issued by Prof. Maunders, says of this department “ It has been undertaken for the purpose of determining the value of agricultural seeds which are sold to farmer»~ from year to year, and to save them from some of the losses (o which they are annually subject by using old and inferior seeds. Every farmer in Canada will have the privilege and right to send to the Ex perimcntal Farm samples of any seeds of which he may desire to know the germinal ating power, and it is hoped that all will avail themselves freely of the advantage offered. A suitable class structure has been erected for this work of a sufficient size to admit of the testing of every large numlier of samples at one time. The returns of the germinating power of seeds will not be based upon a single teat, but every sample will be tested in duplicate, once in the soil and again out of the #pil, in the most approved form of apparatus devised for this purpose. Small seeds will also be examined for impurities, such as sand, dust, foreign seeds, chaff, etc., and the proportion of those given.
1887: 41 The samples sent should be a fair average of the whole of the seed from which it is taken. The quantities which should be forwarded will vary in proportion to the size of the seed. Of large seeds such as corn, peas, wheat, barley, oats, etc., alxmt four ounces will be required, while of the smaller seeds, such as grass, clover, turnip, carrot, etc., from half an ounce to an ounce will be sufficient. The larger seeds may be put into small cotton bags each marked with the name of the seed, and these smaller bags enclosed in a larger canvas bag provided with a tag on which the address may be written. The smaller seeds may be folded in stout paper, each parcel marked and the whole enclosed in a strong envelope. Back ages and communications should be address ed : ‘~Experimental Farm, Ottawa, Canada.’ All mail matter will be carried free to and from the Experimental Farm within the limits of the general postal regulation* as to the size and weight of package*." <
1887: Canada::~Hamilton Indintrial WosssCo., Hamilton, . Bend for article wanted, or Illustrated Catalogue.
1887: The symptoms of which are “ Faint spells, purple lips, numbness, palpitation, skip beats, hot flashes, rush of blood to the head, dull pain in the heart with beatn, *trong, rapid and irregular. The second heart beat quicker than the first, pain about the breast bone, Ac.” Can be cured “~ in many of the first stages.* Send6c. in stamps forpamphlet and full particulars. Address M. V. Lenox, 47 Wellington St East, Toronto Canada. .
1887: Canada::~Street West Toronto .
1887: Canada::~matters, while the second branch, tube *	.	.. land has the Liberals a majority ; Nvva .1'
1887: v twenty feet of rope to tie i Slake a slip noose in one end de rope so dat it will slip freely. Hang it up on a nail in de kitchen, an* de fust night you tumble outer bed at de cry of •~ murder* take your cow rope along wid you. If do murderer has bin caught dar orter be a lamp post near by. If not, try a shade tree. However, you should fust ascertain if de murderer's victim am a member of do Lcgis lachur. If not, hang de murderer. If so, let de n urderer go free an' chip in a purse to heln him reach Canada. We will now attend to de abnormal business which has brought us together.
1887: Canada::~to  in low. Hew is well known p ken ham Out	the «hï aru slowly going seawards, ho
1887: Ottaw a, April 4 —~It warn annnoun ced some weeks ago that the Dominion (Government would send an exploring expedition into the Yukon country along the boundary between Alaska and British Columbia. The question of a clear definition o! their northern and north wet-tern boundary Has for * number of years past agitated the people of the Pacific Province. An far hack as 1883 the Government of British l dumbia called the attention of the Dominion Government to the offer of one Captain Wm. Moore, who desired to conduct an exploring party to the headquait<n> of the \ ukon River. In the course of communication it warn pointed out that the Yukon is navigable by steamers of light draught for at least 1,600 miles from its mouth, and that a portion of the territory through which it runs, wh ich belongs to Canada, w as believed to be
1887: United States:Canada:~besides being possessed at many points of a soil and climate favourable for agricultural operations. The Yukon, it may be observed, according to the report of Lieut. Schwalks, who made a reconnaissance in ibis locality for the  Govern meat is. 1883, is about 2,043 miles in length, 783 miles being within Britith territory. Captain Moor's expedition was regarded at the time as of a prospecting nature, and it wae thought if the Government of  took ps in the matter at all they should be ;h as would lead to the securing of more accurate information in repaid to the topo . graphic and other resources of the country, than could possibly be obtained through
1887: Canada::~three fourth, full of water, which you can state., and alio e won  and the grow- mote he will relish them, and with the ^	nitlo lt , mamn of the «‘nkee its wing, together, the sound is al-
1887: It if reported that amendments to the reports about this “massing”~ are true there Street west Toronto, Canada.	mar between Glasgow and Montreal weakly ; Glaego*
1887: Canada::~An astronomical observatory in cennec- price of peat-bogs has risen so much that a	haa now been introduced Into , and la sold at * lI. < . A1 u. . ,rtUud	Loo	.tea!,
1887: Lowest Paï~ens to me Tram. We are sole In Canada for McBaive'e Cbliaratia Sneer Gasmen. Write for quotations.
1887: Canada::~The number of divorce crs>a whit h the a,i<l has evidently the abiding faith in the ScMiat i will have to deal with diving the wealth that lies hidden in the bowelh of a broaching session of Vnilumetit is re- j that portion of the t'ar;h comprised w.th-n vsvmvd us unprecedentedly large. In in the limits of tho Cn a ban Confedern-h,.ine quarters the opinion j rovnila that tioii. Vue district which is agitating divorces should he more easily ni t i tied in mining speculators more than any othvi  than by the e\|»ensivop;nli «meut- j now, s the territory wa'e rod hy the won-
1887: Proprietor. A young ro#» named Creig, from Soot™	—:as—~	land, who has been in Canada only two
1887: Canada::~072 In 1881. Truly the British is a great questions simultaneously ; good or bad news |uudaMe pride in the local volunteer oerpe, empire.	never deranged him ; he was quietly engag- but in  the same spirit doer not
1887: Canada::~GATINEAU, fera application au Parliament du  à sa prochaine session pour "uu acte pour déclarer que les travaux autorisés par leur acte d'incorporation au aucuns amendements qui seront obtenue durant lai présente session de de| Legislature de QuebeoU sont pour l’avantaage géné~ral du Canada, et] ,2 -r ratifier et confirmer l’acte d’lncorpora-1 lion de la dite compagnie et en fhlre un acte I d'incorporation de la put autoriser une extension du dit chemin dé fer de son terminus nord tel eue maintenant autorisé sons le dit acte, au on pies du Village du Desert dans le comté d’Ottawa Jusqu a oe près de la Baie James auswbpoar appliquer les pourvlrs dm la présent Compagnie Pro-Alnctale A la dite extension* pour prolonger le temps du parachèvement du dit chermln de fer et mil est Judgé convenable pour changer le nom de la dite Compagnie et autrement Ingand confectionery bust nese, situated on . amender l’acte d'inoorporatleode ladite corn-
1887: Canada::~it was necessary fpr our government to en- There are many times in butter dairies This year the robins reached  at included in the 'cellar. Killed by the force, if they werfe to have any control of where the most profitable use of skimmed nn unusually early date. They were seen winter’s frost, this decomposable matter is the national fisheries at all. The manner milk is to feed it again to the cow which has in the trees on the grounds of the Univers! ready to send forth the pestiferous gases in which they have done this has been in the given it The milk, after the cream has ty in Tcrooto on the 8th and 9th of March. ^ disease-producing germs which came highest degree generous. The treaty term- been taken from it, retains the elements that An enthusiastic bird-lover, writing to the eon}e ®f the common maladies incident to inated in the middle of the fishing season of mpst cows find deficient in their food. With j OUM from Ssult Ste. Marie a few days af eP“~ng. Clear away the filth from these oft 1885. At the request of the United States pknty of grain the cow can easily supply j terwards. reported these birds in his vicini- neglected places, and save suffering and doc-Government, which promised that steps the carbon of fat forming elements of her ty early in February, both thlm year wnd *ore bills
1887: Canada::~Hamiltus lustrerai ai Wobis Co., Hamilton,  Head for articles wanted, or Illustrated Catalogue
1887: Canada::~R, H. Knapp, a prominent real estate broker and politician of Atlanta, Os., has fled the country, having victimized a number of dependent persons to the amount of $26,000. He came from  in 1886 and it Is supposed he has returned to that conn-
1887: Canada::~An article In the current Quarterly Review eays  is a failure as a wheat-producing country, and that nothing short of a handsome fortune should tempt anyone to a colony with a climate far colder than that of Siberia.
1887: CANADA::~TORCTNTO .
1887: Canada::~Motion of  Liberal induce
1887: Canada::~c1 MB LIVE A4*ENTS WANTED VJT Countv in . Address,
1887: Mr. O’Brien’»~ reception in Canada an ex- gave no alternative but to protect the in to discharge	obligations
1887: Canada::~referred to the Orangemen of Ontario amid the groans of the crowd. Ho challenged Lord Lansdowne outside of his Orange graves, and would be glad to meet him in the Commercial City of , or anywhere there was no
1887: Canada::~the Government by the peculiarities of the amount of 1600,000 should be granted to Lansdowne has in , and he cannot «a jt _ ,	^ ^
1887: Canada::~VOTICE IB HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE ll OTTAWA AND GATINEAU AND I VALLEY KAILWAY COMPANY will apply to the Parliament of  at Its next session for an act to declare the works author-1 lxedby their act of Incorporation and any amendment thereof to be obta:ued at the I present session of the Quebec Legislature to be for the general advantage of L>nada, and to satisfy and confirm the act of incorporation of said Company and constitute the same a Dominion Charter also to authorize an extension of the said Railway from the present authorised northern terminus under said act or near the Desert Village In the County of Ottawa to some point In or near James’ Bay also to apply the powers of the present Provincial Charter of said Company to said extension to extend the line pletion of said Railway and If thought advisable to change the name of said Company and otherwise to amend said Charter.
1887: Canada::~I) OTTAWA ET DE LA VALLEE DE LA GATINEAU, fera application au Parliament du  A sa prochaine session pour .un pour déclarer que les travaux autorisée leur acte d'incorporation an aucuns amendement» qui seront obtenue durant la présente session de de| Legislature de Quebec sont pour l'avantaage géné~ral du Canada, et pour ratifier et confirmer Pacte d'incorporation do la dite compagnie et en faire un acte d'incorporation de la puissance annal pour autoriser une extension du dit chemin de de son terminus nord tel que maintenant autorisé sons le dit acte, au on plea du Village du Desert dans le comté d’Ottawa Jusqu a ou près de la Baie James aussi pour appllQi les pourvlrs do la présent Compagnie FM Alndalc A ladite extension, pour prolonger le temps du parachèvement du dit obérai n de for et mil est Judgé convenable pour changer le nom de la dite Compagnie et autrement amender l’acte d’incorporation de ladite compagnie.
1887: with gorgeous jewels, may be seen many of r,(le °? horaeback, the Palmerston cure for for them to take is to shut off their grog ex- the first to make the peaceable acquisition the great generals and governors of the pro $out* 18 Prob*bly ***& form of ®~xefcl*! penditures and they will soon have money Qf Canada a plank in ItepUtform ! Don’t vincee who come to St. Petersburg to do for those whose minds are ( onstantly hard in their purses.	both speak ot once, but think about it,
1887: Canada::~wayeare nearly oompleted. The Canadian Paoifio will nee the  Southern ae a link from St Thomae to Toledo, where a _
1887: Canada::~ed authorize ; the corporation to appropri- called by the same name in  or the	Manufacturers of the highest grades of
1887: CANADA::~TORONTO .
1887: CANADA::~THE WATEROUS ENGINE WORKS CO., BRANTFORD, ,
1887: Canada::~kallawad ha la in . His aoooumte tog, bel, if She washing is done quickly, the
1887: the British lystem ha» over the Ameri-1 out the aid of Turkish troops if order ii the new line cnuassR considerable flutter-can system/ he said, “~is that both in disturbed or an invasion is feared. Oer- among the officials of the east bound England and in Canada all psitioe treat tain branches of the Egyptian admin is roads
1887: of us—~of a departure from that course by The ATotoerermin, of St. Petersburg aayi anybody coming into the country to at- the convention places Egypt under th tack the Queen's representative, and that perpetual tntilage of England. France in reference to questions that have no re- and Russia, this paper mays, are expected to 1st ion to Canada or Canadian affairs, protest that the Porto has no right to Lord Lanadowne, representing Queen dispose of the future destinies of Egy Victoria in Canada, is extremely popular inasmuch as Turkey has no proprietory
1887: United States::~From the Central Canadian we take the M jf eager, like their owners, to leave be-1 reciprocity between the  and following :—~Mr. Janies Shilson was with- tnnd them as quickly as possible the city I Canada, Sir Charles Tupper had a great in one second of instant death last Sat I an(j the muddy canal, or any taint of deal to say. “~It is very much in the in-uiday morning over at the Messrs. Cald- either.	terest of tne United States and Canada,"
1887: wells steam lumber null, of which he has Although rain seemed imminent during he began, “~that there should be the freest chaise. A wheel which drives a gate by the early part of the day, by the time the I commercial intercourse between the two friction becoming unruly, he took a man canoeists had gone some fifteen miles, the I countries. Canada is ready and has aland went up to see about it. The crank 3Un hat| #ot very favourably for a day of I ways been ready to promote that corn-pin was nearly upright and ho ealeu- fine, warm weather on the morrow. At mercial intercourse to the fullest possible
1887: Canada::~site direction with murderous force" Mr. ghort time the boats were properly fixed I States to consent to a customs union or PPRAVILBHS win flmi it to tbelr advaumge to net-Shilson hail a two-inch bar between the for the night, the tent was pitched, and free trade between  and the Unit- secondt«‘now16 RiMuuuftodwî'th eMre‘br»bdB0“
1887: flew up to his shoulder ami pinioned him : tain had brought a veal pie, ami with his ly impracticable. It wouldd bo quite unto the wall at the neck and there its end < brother Jacktars—~es^iecially he of the possible for Canada to adopt a tariff so caught. Mr. Shilson knew that the \phyllUy showed that they liked veal pie | hostile to the mother country." jnen, seeing the wheel unbound, would more than “~pretty well" by their appall i	kxoland sackino Canada.
1887: Canada:United States:~SEayoreMeredUh and Kheon having fyied take in L'Orignal, or perhaps Grenville, between  and the , _ _	.	.	JT. ,	_	_	.
1887: Canada::~as the camping ground was christened- tien. I should deeply deplore, and every moved my large StOCK tO more COmtoOdlOUS premises when they passed it At seven-thirty, intelligent Canadian would dee ply deplore, while the sun looked like a treat ball of any interruption to the commercial rela-fire in its downward career, the tiens existing between  and this canoe# were housed, end their owners country, but 1 cannot forget that if the turned homeward, with regret that the policy of non intercourse were adopted it pleasure was so soon completed, with would lead to the development of those thankful hearts forth# serenity of the channels of communication which we have weather during their trip, and for their ourselves, and that the commerce of Cana safe return; and with a full appreciation da, which to-day is building up New York of the glorious and simple beauties of ua- —lam speaking of the through ture as they had seen her on their cruise and is building up Boston ana from Ottawa to Wendovar.	would be carried through exclusively
1887: Canada::~Business cards, eight lines or lew, per year, Koo ; Commissioner for . He will retain iqq —iba more or less	uP!*r deck with an axe, cut a hole suffici- %#._ DrowiisfL
1887: The new building erected on the corner of lUy end Wellington etreete by Werner#. Wyld, (Jraeetfc A Darling, wholesale dry-«~roods Importers, is one ol the most complete establishments of the kind in the Dominion of Canada. No expense has been spared to make the warehouse everything that t should be, and the most casual inspection is sufficient to show that completeness In every detail hue been achieved. The tirai warn reorganised last February, Mr. Wyld who fc r mauy years has been identified with business interests in Toronto, taking into part
1887: Canada:England:~ceilings throughout the building are of wood, with supporting columns of iron. A passenger elevator finished in oak is conveniently placed near the main entrance to the building. Speaking-tubes connect every department in thv estuMihlmirnt ami a telephone room is situated near the fix nt offices. The various floors of the establishment are utilised as follows :-The basement contains an entry room and packing a shipping department, and will also1 be. used for storing surplus stock ; the ground floor contains offices, and is specially devoted to leading staples of Canadian and imported manufacture ; the second flat is devoted to woolens and tweeds from all the leading mills of , as well as fine imported goods of Scotch manufacture, and an endless variety of worsted and West of  twoeds. This départiront contains everything necessary for a fine tailoring tradej The third storey contains dress goods, silk, small wares and haberdaslyjry generally, and the fourth a large stock oHiosiery and knitted goods. A t present the firm, not being yet thoroughly established in their new premises, part of the top flat is used am an entry-room and is crowded with goods ready to go out. Mr. Wyld devotes his persons^ attention to
1887: Canada::~HAMILTON UmmmuAL Woaee Co., Hamilton,  Send for articles wanted, or Illustrated Catalogue
1887: he beet threshing machines in America, largest amount of work, and thresh cleaner other machines oan do the work. In excellence «~ construction they are unequalled. They are the beet made In Canada, and are only equalled by their
1887: Canada::~The two Montreal wholesale grocery firms who refused to enter the grocers' combina tiob, and who In consequence were unable to purchase sugar in , have carried the war into Africa, having imported a large quantity Horn Scotland, which they offer for sale at a much lower price than is charged by the combination, •
1887: Canada::~Reports from many parts of  indicate that the drouth has not been mo disastrous in its effect es was at first feared.	¦¦¦
1887: Our cvtem. and those of its political faith may continue to make hypocritical groans out of pretended sympathy for the way in which the “poor farmer" is loaded down with taxation by the present govern ment, but we fancy they will be a long while persuading him that he is psyiug more for his merchandise to-day than lie did during that memorable period of “~Re form" rule, when Canadian labor was at a discount, and when our money that should have been spent in Canada went to build up the American manufacturer, owing to the disastrous policy which discriminated in his favor as against Canadian industry.
1887: Canada::~calculated the amount that would f:ill to 's share; and the majority of those who tail on after him have signified their acceptance of the scheme on the basis
1887: France:Canada:~ does not differ materially from B'lffeme we not noera ly swan that these ala##### .	we contagious, or that they are due to the presence
1887: Canada::~The French are an accommodating peo 0|dere THE kecoRD, 60 Front . East, Toronto pie. You may smoke in any railway car- , Room No. 16. riage provided there as no ladies present, q^e killing of equrrels, prairie doge, and that nobody else objects. Nobody ever i)esrS| mountain lions, wolves, and coyotes objects ; on the contrary, your French fel i8 quite an expensive item In the yearly bud-low-passenger invites vou to help yourself get 0f Montana. From January to August, from his cigar case. Of course, smoking is	that Territory paid in bounties |96,
1887: The larftet and moot prosperous open Aeeoclatlon In the world—~deelree active lives In every section of Canada ; liberal Inducement* It has full Government Deposit, and under the eupot* vision of Insurance Department at Ottawa.
1887: Canada:England:~DEBENTURES Issued in Currency or Sterling,with Interest coupons attached ^payable in  or in . Executors and Trustees are authorised by law to Invest In the Debentures of this Company.
1887: Canada::~of the prettiest sheets of water in , : sewing machine business, having recently	Httlf"kc-lAon before'"he looP^Burdück Uloiîî	__
1887: night (Wednesday m the 1 resi»~\le.un |)rtittv islands of every conceivable aliajhj , one man in Canada by this firm. Ho is	-- ,	Pennsylvania rvgimentdurlngthe American
1887: Canada::~tho paper f >r three months. The (fcizctti is one of the best journals published in , its various news departments being carefully edited, and very complete. Its commercial columns are crowded with information indis|H?!isahlo to business men i and produce dealers, while its live stock and dairy tnaiket reports aie a special feature.
1887: who lives there, is a liberal master and knows done Breadmakers' Yeast : . •* ' '	DATE MTC «•©nu»~ in Canada, the UB. and
1887: À ment Company wilt apply at the next «~espion of the Parliament of Canada for an Act to enable them io extend their operation* to the head of Quinze Rapid* In the vttawa River, to purcha*eor construct and operate Hie*mboata and togs, to acquire and construct wharves and piers, to u>w and collect kb wlogs to enquire all booms and piers I n the Ottawa River above the Chandlers Falls, to acquire and operate telegraph and telephone lines nnd to increase their capital stock or Issue debentures to an amount not to exceed two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
1887: ing they were constructing in Smith’s Dressed hogs, |» 00 t.» $b.2o per 100 The Afad’~s Lonjon correspondent says: shanty, Petewawa, on Wednesday after founds; beef, $2 75 to $4 50 per 100 lbs.; j1Afe authority for announcing that temoon of this week, was instantly killed. Umb,* 6 to 9 cts. per lb; geese, 50 to 70 Ij0rd Lansdcwne will be succeeded as The bearer slipped and he, in trying to cents each; chickens, 30 to 40 cts. per Governor-General of Canada by Lord avoid being struck by the same, slipped pea pair; ducks, 60 to 70 cts. per pairs Stanley of Preston, now president of the and fell across a pile of logs lying close print butter, 23 cts. to 25 cts. per lb; in Board of Trade, Baron Henry da Worms, by, the bearer striking him on the side of pails, 90 to 23 cents; eggs, 20 to -3 cents taking that office with Cabinet rank * the head. He lived for about half an per dot ; potatoes, 86 tv 90 oeuteper bee; An electi in took place recently in Char-hour, bleeding t« death and never utter- turnip*. 40 cents per dus; oat», 30 to 37 lottetown city on a petition asking for the ing a word. He was respected by all, cents per bushel; hay #10 to 12 per ton;	„f the Scott Act. The Act was
1887: Canada::~Just imagine, we sell 1 16-quart tin pail, 1 10-quart tin pail, 1 8-quart tin pail, 1 3-quart pudding oi milk dish, 1 dipper and 1 pressed tin wash dish all for the small sum of 60C. and of as good a quality as can be procured from any establishment in the Dominion of .
1888: Canada::~There are now seven petitions for the re peal of the  Temperance Act before the Minister of Justice.
1888: ur, the eminent etwtieti.ian, has recently prepared for the International This treaty was ended in 1806 be car.se the Statistical Institute an elaborate series of Probably the worst case of cruelty to a Americans grumbled at the increasing tables on the population of the various con-dumb animal that has ever been known in tariff of the provinces on the article not in- tinents and countries. In estimating the Phllade.phia ha „~oroe to Ught through an eluded in it, and also because they resented world s population, the tendency hae doubt investigation which la being made by the I the openIy expressed sympathy of Canada less bteu to exaggerate the number of in Women's Branch of the Pennsylvania So . for the South *n their great elvil war. The	habitants in uncivilized regions, and in
1888: Dick was their mothers elder brother, and *, th	has promised that all the cargo lhe â~nlmal, slipped the noose around the most beneficial to Canada, namely the right learn that the latest estimates give Africa a
1888: Canada:United States:~Washington ended on the let July, 188.1, and the relations of Canada and the Republic have since been moe: unneighborly. In a few days the repi tatives of Great Britain, the Uuited N and Conada will meet again at Washington, and it is ominous that already the British Commissioner has raised the well-worn cry that  if she exacts a full measure of reciprocity from the  in return for the use of her fisheries, will be acting "against the interests of the Empire.”~ We will trust our Commissioner at all see that the interests of Canada do not suf fer in this instance.
1888: Canada:United States:~there ns a representative of Britain r.nd he thought the interests of , of Britain and also of the  lay in the same direction. He was an Ktiglish-tnan proud of the glorious tiaditions and institutions of hi* count; y, hut pat not lain would he M tinted indi. d if it did not cm
1888: Canada::~dary line. Any difficult Mf which wight arise between  and nor neighbours were to t>e HppiMiiChvd and dealt with as ; WâtChtS* between friends. The pro*|fCCte of improved lo’~ations with the United States never looked mote hopeful tlmi at pi usent. I No doubt the United States would soon I . moderate its taiiff against Croat Biitain.
1888: In a few years it might not bo too much xpect that it would disaptiear alioge then, as hgainst Cr»at Britain mid all tile woild w hat t \tuad» mpnred was the do velo|wmeiit of her great her illunitahl. resources, and not»~ tariff which would s uckle her agricultural industries. The | lost thought of Canada sin uld be to got a | p •pidation on her soil and to create con-1 su.ners. Industries would spnng up and prosper then whvthu there would bean*.
1888: Canada::~would he Ht ill more important, 's
1888: A VIS l'uhllc est donné~ que dcmindo sera A laite ou parlement du Canada, à sa pro chaîne kmIoii pour obtenir un acte A reflet decoiiNtltuer en corporation une compagnie A hy law for the reduction of whiskey de chemin de ter pour construire une vole
1888: Canada::~In the County of Pontiac, and District of Ottawa, and terminating on lot number One, lUnge A, In the Township of Waltham, In j point the County and district aforesaid, have been deposited In the office of the Department of Public Work* (nr the Dominion of , and In the office for the Clerk of the Peace for
1888: have tried all manner of so called cures in Nervous DebUllr, »~nd sll dleessee arising from ex- of Canada," dough's MPlaUbrm Kohoee," l ton* «user's
1888: Canada::~In . Those Caeings TAKE THE LEAD* aey English Sheep Casings, as to sise, strength and length.
1888: Canada::~part of , to any person suffering the above utecouate »o Clubs and Dealers. Send for Catalogue complainte who order it. Send for circulars. Price	. —	. .	tarvivai
1888: Canada::~Memory. Is this a fact of experience ? In any particular act of memory do we not picture to ourselves the place, the essential features of the scene, the stages of tht event ? I remember having seen Quebec from PL Levi ; the most essential charac terietie of the act of memory is gone were I not capable of picturing the magnificent, imposing situation of 's great ocw&n port. Let the reader preeent esse, if possible, of an set of memory with out ideal representation and he most still present it under no other faculty than that of Imagination.
1888: "«~ done in the direction of working uj closer trade relations with Canada.
1888: Canada::~The detected detectives, of Montreal, are going to bo Mill to i rial, oh It was Nred they fair trial In Montreal, Hueli a special Jury to ho summoned, and great numbers from all paria of  and the thilled Stales will go to Aylmer to hear the i rial. The principal plectra of Interval will be visited by Mirangcra while in Aylmer, and amongat other* that will attract special at-trillion and one that will corn •••end ilaelf to all those who mov wish to carry with them aou venir» of Aylmer enterprise la the mammoth drv goods and clothing establishment of F. O’~llelfly, situated on the corner of Main and llaucn ft streets. Mr. O'lb Illy Is also manager of I he C V. It's telegraph system In Aylmer, and will make special arrangements to have the iirooeedlngs of the trial (lushed to all parts of Canada and tha United Slates as quickly as anything important transpires.
1888: Canada::~i period of ten yeai born'wed fifty millions or so to build the | C.inndian 1'ucitic Railway, which is of bcnvlit to  now and will he a benefit to nil future generations of Canadians. ! Herman y this year alone borrows $70, • j 000,000 for her army which is a burden | and a curse to the state difVuveuce between the old world and the
1888: Canada::~Outside the country the failure of the Ventral Bank is being pointed to as evidence of a serious commercial crisis in . There is really nothing to justify this. The investigation in Toronto the past few days has shewn that the causes of the collapse lie altogether outside the general business situation. The Central was not conducted on business principles. Every precaution required by good banking seems to have been neglected, and dealings of the most reckless character
1888: h ive said* " This will place Mercier in a ruguhtor of the kidney»~, liver aii.l bV-od known to I S GIVEN that The Upper Ottawa Improve-very awkward position. After ha\ mg c;RKArhetn ma-That ueraon wLo is aflIUted #lon of the Parliament of Canada for an Act
1888: liUULIC NOTICE l«~ given that an application win be made to the Parliament of the Dominion oi Canada, at the next session lhereof, for on Act to incorporate a Railway Company to construct, a railway from a point, on the Canadian Panifie Railway between Kraeshle and Arnprlov to a point on the Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway between Quyon village and Hmlth’e station, and thence to a point ul or near the Desert Village, with a right to const ruci a bridge or ply a ferry boat across the Ottawa river.
1888: i VIS Public eut donné~ que demande sera /X faite ou parlement du Canada, A sa prochaine session pour obtenir un acted l'effet «leconstituer en corporation une compagnie «le chemin de fer pour construire une vole fvrrée a partir d'un point sur le chemin defer Canadien du Pacifique entre Braeslde et Arn-prior et a Hand jusqu’A un point sur le ehe-mlndo fer de Jonction de Pontiac et Pacific « ntre le village Çfcuyon et Smith's Station, et de lajus.pl' A un point A ou pré» du village Desert; avec le droit de construire un poutou mire marcher un bateau passeur sur la rlv-
1888: Canada::~It very ENEMY ok 	telegraphed to the governor, who detpatch-
1888: Canada::~In . These Casing» TAKE THE LEAD of an; English Sheep Casings. ,s to size, strength and length
1888: and p-vv cards. Second class—~News pa pen and jHjriodicals, printed and publiait .1 in Canada, and jxwted under the
1888: NOT	Ct	I U	I An m tH W»~	I	^ Canada Atlantic, Grand	He reached the village at 8 o’clock. lm-	tram	the strap was. u« and he	r
1888: Is order to tntrodaoe my Nursery steak tfci ¦~I the Del ted Btatee and Canada, I wtU ftve
1888: canada::~?-Brantford, .
1888: England:Canada:~A bill will be submitted to you to make a larger portion of the modern laws of  applicable to the Province of Manitoba and to the North-Wait Territories in regard to matters which are within the control of the Parliament of  but which have not as yet been made the subject of Canadian legislation.
1888: Canada::~cate for the service between  and
1888: Canada::~Magnificent Parallel Bibles, Withrow's Popular " History of ," Gough’s "Platform Echoes,” Dorchester s •• Liquor Problem," 8am P. Jones’14 Living Words.” "The Cottage Physician,’'
1888: COLD IN THE HEAD, Hay Fever, etc., can positively be eared. A new method. A medicine guaranteed to rare. No cure no pay. If you have tried other remedies that failed to cure, you will not be disappointed in this. For full particulars •dires»~. H. f LI HOI, 47 WelllagteB At. K , Toronto, Canada Send tOe in stamps for book
1888: Canada::~BK BOILKK INSPECTION and Insurance Company of .
1888: COLD IN THE HEAD, Hay Fever, etc., can positively be cured. A uew method A medicine guaranteed lo rare. No cure no pay. If you hav «~tried other remedies that failed to cure, you will not be disappointed in this. For full particulars address. M. V. LUBON, 47 Wellington 81. E , Toronto, Canada. Send 10c in stamps for 000k •• Treatise on Diseases of Man ’
1888: Canada::~" There are no homely girls in Quebec, ' a native-born Canadian said to a visitor to the ancient citadel city of . It is indeed a fact—no one has ever seen a Quebec girl who could be described as ugly. It is not claimed that they are all absolutely beautiful i but there is something in the clear in, vigoratinp air, and perhaps in the soil and surrounding of tho lofty and rooky city, that gives them sparkling eyes, brilliant complexion., and elasticity of step. It is wonderful how easily the Quebec girls climb the steep city streets. When they are as cending a pavement that slopes upward M at apparent angle of thirty degrees, they donlt seem to mind it. They don t lag, they don't get out of breath. They just go up
1888: Canada::~W ith  thus complete on that side, mutton, 6 to 8 eta. |»or lb; geese, F>0 to <5 Canadians will regret the more that they cents each; chickens, 50 to 80 eta. pet haven’t got Alaska. However, we may pair; ducks, 70 to 80 cents per pair; be able to pick a quarrel with the States	turkeys, 75 to $1.50 each;
1888: England:France:~Canada, 2,379; , 289; , 28;,	B -
1888: wheat always considered—~as mill in the Dominion of Canada.
1888: Canada::~Lord Dufferin appears to be at popular in I-idia as he was in . He and Lady Dofldrin poetess in a high degree the art of making friends and of keeping them. On the eve of their departure from india the Viceroy and his wife wore presented with addressee by theinhabitanta of Calcutta. The ceremony took place in the Town Hall, and their reception was most enthusiastic. “ The tribute,” the Loudon Times says, “was well deserved. Hie tenure of ollioe, although not long, has been ou the whole singularly fortunate. Within the country the Fax /tritau-ntca has been preserved, and domestic legislation on more than one delicate and dim-
1888: Canada::~The Government propoao miUmlitlng n resolution to Parliament to glvo authority to a proclamation to remove, partially or entirely, the duty from the following article# coming into , provided the l\ K. Government Rgroo* to n similar arrangement, viz: any or all of I ho following things, that Is to say—an I-
1888: Canada::~position, and the Crown Princess sustain- view taken by the Parliament of .
1888: Canada::~tion one-tenth pari of the tilth poured	1 he people of 	held it to bo a fair	| Leaving a surplus of...
1888: Canada::~The Cheapest Place in  for
1888: Canada::~A German, in the employ of Gillis Bros., was drowned while driving on the Cou-longe river two weeks ago. Him body was recovered on Monday at the head of tho Coulonge chute, having floated down a distance of 35 miles, and was interred in the Presbyterian cemetery at Fort Cou lunge. The poor fellow had only been in  about two years. The Messrs. Gillis had two men constantly in search for tho body from the date of the accident until it was recovered.
1888: Canada::~The Cheapest Place In  for
1888: Canada::~!/<mokMo then wouldbiiiv!f dlsa"ranged1 'my	Contemplated changes in  by the ny- Pi i I A ^ nROP^Y^1
1888: the steamer Ot Ne, York a. i w»~. to of the Dominion of Canada, c
1888: The marvellous imjrrov *im»~nt in the credit of the Dominion of Canada is nut - ' I) ¦ Atisfact"* v ni itself command « f cheap money to develop the country with little burden to tho people, hut it also h;v the advantage of attracting public attention to this country, its real its progress. Too money market is a pretty good test of the standing of communities as of individuals, and it spreads information among those whose g oc! will is most useful. The London />on«ioV, a lending authority on financial matters, has been led by the success of the recent Canadian loan to prepare a table showing the yield to investors upon the stock of the different colonies, the higher tho credit the smallor of course being the yield. The present figures are compared with those of ten and twenty rears ago, so as to show the change. The table is as follows
1888: - f the two great parties since the advent having, besides India, New South Wales, of the Liberal regime in 1873. W ho for- Victoria, South Australia, Queensland li •4ets the numlier of Liberal M. Ps who ami even Mauritius above us. Our excel had to step down and out of their seats lent credit proves the soundness of our for illicit traflicking in votes; or who does financial position in the eyes of the ex-:iot recollect tlie state of {xditic&l profit- pvricnced and cautious judges of the gaey which the courts revealed to be the money market, and at the same time it rue character of Mr. John V alkcr,—an renders our expenditure for national im-mdividual, by the way, whose services in provementa little burdensome to us. The ipholding the “standard of political nior- unprejudiced capitalists of the European ility* were subsequently remunerated by money maikets give an indisputable an-:t “~fat sir under the Ontario Government *wer to all tho aspersions of Canada's de-
1888: Canada::~It will be seen that  stands in tlie very foremost position, ahead of all the colonies and even ahead of India, whose public debt is always regarded as
1888: Canada::~British B>ard of Trade returns show that the value of exports to  for May amounted to C*o0,210, against €457,744 for May 1887. Fur the tire months cuAed 51st May, the value oi British ex-
1888: Canada::~Et  Aussi
1888: nun AOCIITO Magnificent Parallel Bible. UUn AUtrl I v Withrow*»~ Popular " History of Canada," Gough's "Platform Kchoes,” Dorchester's " Liquor Problem," 8am P. Jones’ " Living Words,"
1888: Canada::~The Cheapest Place Id  for
1888: CANADA::~T",N 'VITU TI1K  ATLANTIC.
1888: which one night disappeared from his stable. Many no doubt will recollect the lire an My barn hail been broken into and my horse nouncement that in September, H., a stolen. The thief had left nothing what Conservatory of Music wasi to he opened at ever by whlch I could trace him, and there Toronto, with alBoard of M inauenien.,, corn-seemed to be but little hope of recovering my prising men whose names were eminent stolen property ; yet I planned, and worked, throughout the entire country, and with and thought, and advertised. All seemed Mr. Kdward Fisher, the well known Toron* vain, however. After retiring one night to musician, am Musical Dinctm. The proabout two weeks after my lose, I fell to posai met with marked encouragement, and thinking, more deeply perhaps than ever the Conservatory opened under successful before, about my horse. 1 not only valu and most brilliant auspices, ed him for hie worth, but I was much The tiret season has found oyer t>00 pupils attached ^ o the kind, noble creature, in attendance, drawn from all quarters of lt§~ seemed that 1 had tried every means Canada, as well Toronto itself. During tha wihout the least shadow of success. W bile season a largo number of Co* cens. Recitals, thinking what I would give to know where Let turee, «te., have been given. I host* he was, 1 fell asleep. I dreamtd that 1 was collateral and free advantages all aid in in a small country settlement, which was the formation of a broader musical eduoa-cntirely strange to me. I was standing by Ron than can be obtained through the pur the roadside conversing with a tall gentle- suit of the ordinary practical studies, and man, also a Granger. 1 asked him	the	are to	1 e valued accordingly,
1888: Canada::~The evening came, and the Canadian pro- of ," Gough's "Platform Echoes," Dorchester's ceeded to the fallen pine. He had not long 1"^<luor Problem," Sara p. Jones' "Living Words,"
1888: Canada::~" Well, he preferred  to SingSing. *•
1888: Canada::~The Cheapest Place in  for
1888: Canada::~Coaticook, Quebec, , F 1 X AX C 1 A L A (J E X T .
1888: settlement, called Sertigan, 25 leagues from	f^ks ha^been called “~the Geneva of Canada. "	royai sage, but by austerities in the aocumu	I	yourself to that young Sparro wgrtst, a re	1 eeye. iou did notask my opinion of Jerwy
1888: Canada::~The Cheapest House in  for Guns, Rifles, Cartridges, Fishing Tackle, Base Balls Goods and Sportsmen’s Supplies of every kind.
1888: Canada:Canada:~In short, unless there is some grievous folly or crime committed by either or both, Britain and Canada are destined to go on together for many a year to oome. Why they ? No one can give any reason why which will stand sober examination for five minutes. Canada independent would not hold together five years and  annexed would not only be a grievous loss to Britain, but a terrible menace as well. Britain in that case could not maintain her fleet either in the North Atlantic or in the North Pacific. Where could it refit? Where oould It coal ? In short, Britain, unless its people were going absolutely demented, would never consent to ’~s separation, far less promote it. There is in Canada the material for the mightiest empire the world ever saw. Why not have that Empire in company with Great Britain, not in opposition to her? What grievance has Canada against fi None worth a moment s consideration then separate ? Why, indeed? The very talk about such a thing is weak as it in wicked. It will be time enough even to think of such a thing a hundred years hence.
1888: Canada::~In the meantime what Canadians have to do is to develops the resources of their coun try with all possible energy, and don't for pity's sake let them, like little children, be Jigging up the potatoes every second day to see how they are growing. Let them paddle their own canoe and do so by tightening the bonds between the Dominion # the Mother Country, not by continued coquetting with their neighbours, as if  oould not so much as live ex jept as its good frien is the Yankees gave them liberty.
1888: Canada::~The question of the annexation of  continues to obtain a certain amount of editoiial attention on the other side of the
1888: United States:Canada:~anything very serious in it. The best informed American public men know very well that, however desirable from their int cf view it might be to have Canada an integral part of such a vast Republic as in that case would then extend from the Arctic Si the Gulf of Mexico, the time has not yet oome. There are annexationists in Canada, but their numbers are as yet inconsiderable. The currents oi feeling which make for change are tending rather towards independence of Great Britain shan towards annexation to the . Any attempt to coerce  would only stiffen her back and make her more and more averse to closer relations. The unfriendly attitude of the American Government on the fishery question has done not a little to intensify those Canadian feelings of separation from the Americans which time and neigh bouriiness might have dissipated altogether.
1888: AGENTS! UNEMPLOYED! We handle only J\, standard special ties, of which no other firm has __	„~ a .	.	,	, a right to sell in Canada. Write us, Tar box Bros.,
1888: Canada::~9-t for four subscripts ns. Balance 1888 free. Address Advrrtihrr PRINTING Co., London, Ont., .
1888: not made of hie own humble ttf..rts in tHia I K* V,L*K *°~ the agrioulturiete of Canada | V	cro*nioK ,*ff°rt of
1888: Canada::~to dve an address at their annual confer- ,,	. '	, Tv  as a Dairy election, you know. Mrs. Winks—The el
1888: A VIS EST PAR LE PRÉSENT donné qü’-, une application sers faite su ParNni^nî •t Eleven o’~clock In the forenoon,	du Canada a sa prochaine session pour une
1888: Canada::~mens have settled, Is in favor of allowing consequent impure blood. When the symp-the Mormons to oome into  as any toms of liver and kidney troubles, con*ump-other immigrant! would be invited and	tion (Lung scrofule), bronohitie, and dropsy,
1888: QHETLANO AND ANDÀLÜHTA WÊÊÊÊÊIKÊt ^ per oz. ; Saxony Wool, all colors, 10c per skein; Ice Wool, best quality, 10: per ball ; Embroidery 311k. every shade, IOc dozen skeins ; Arrasene, all colors 30c dozen skeins ; Filoselle, best quality 49c and 86c dozen skeins ; Macramé t ord. 16 cr Ion. 10c ball ; Felt, extra quality, 2 yards wide, $1 00 per yard ; Woolen Java Can va»~, all colors, 45c yard. Always on hand the newest mater ale for fancy werk, at lowed prices. Letter orders have prompt and careful attention. Goods can be sent to any part of Canada by post. Writ# fir price list. A trial •solicited. HENRY DAVIS, Importer, 232 Yonge Street, Toronto. Please mention this paper.
1888: Canada::~io  to send for
1889: Canada::~TI.y thriftiest man in  has been found, ilo lives in the township of Nas-sagaveya When the great tiro t 1 «lave at the Model I 'arm last week, the | glare lighted up all the countiy for forty mih s ai ound, and t mi miles of it was light enough to read a newspaper or pick up n pin. The Nassagaweya fanner, who lives ten miles from < «uelph, was shingling a ham which ho was very anxious to get tin-ishctl before winter, and when the great glare burst forth ho turned out with all hands and got in two hours and a half cf shingling l>y the light of the big tiro. The model farm was established for the pur-p me of enlightening the farmers. It did it that time.—Sarnia (\tnadwn%
1889: Canadian oil at as low a price as the coni- -v* -lister, Xmas 1888. mou. TIkî~ new works are situated on the line of the Canada Atlantic Railway.
1889: CANADA::~W^tW.C?-BR/MITfOm. .
1889: Canada::~who have converted the Regina scaffold into a narty platform, and they have only to deslat, if they really desire the veil ut oblivion to be drawn over a painful chapter in the history of .
1889: Canada::~the dormant resources of  that might some day be profitably developed. Reports more or less conclusive of successful visits U the banks had led to bright
1889: was hardly midday and it seemed to them aa good. But they dared not. The leap was	fun* do:»~r again opens. Two men enter and	There is a great deal of convenience in nos	Canada by po-t.	W rit» for price list,	a trial eolioit-
1889: Canada::~e rum *uu ot the patriotic prvs. of .
1889: XYe clip the following from an exchange: time. at last he quietly slipped out of his “Pinkerton’s Detective Agency, Chicago, j^kut; and facing the crowd said he haenotified the indice in various parta «~*t C(Ulj(i ]jcfc anv half dozen of them, suiting Canada to put dressmakers on their guard j jlis actions to hi» words, at which the hood-regarding one II. L. Briggs, alias NoMv, , iun:s heat an ignominious retreat, not a swindler from Chicago, who practices caring to taste tho lieutenant's muacu ar fraud by taking subscriptions to an im« j Christianity.
1889: of Thorne, accompanied by Rev. Mr. Mills, did not know It was Inserted and has not seen bec &*»»» for at least 15 or 20 years. Of may under the Divine blessing tend to procurate of 8t. Pauls, loft here on a missionary | ^ ridiculous i The writer falls to see where ! course he knows all about it and it’~s use- W be prosperity and well being of Canada.
1889: SS),UUU. Both young men leave for home Mr. Graham s oratorical abilities And The third session of the fifth i ai 1 lament of over two hours, something rather unusual again on the 22nd.	now if thia ha the solution h«~ has the Canada was opened on Thursday last by Lord in the hl-tory of this particular feature of
1889: Canada::~riXHK BOILER It.tPKl not SS41 laser L	a a vc Company of ,
1889: Canada::~ind may be sent by mail to any Post Office In . New Illustrated Catalogue now ready. Containing Dwcripfion and Prices ef the choicest
1889: Canada::~Mailed free. Every I .inner and Gardener should * ropy before ordering seeds for the coming season. Handsomest catalogue published In !
1889: Canada:usa:~A United States journal indulging in the habit, which has become so prevalent, of slandering Canada and Canadians has been misrepresenting Bishop Latteche, of Three Hivers, as shaking in favor of the annexation of  to the l nited States. The bishop had no desire to remain under the stigma of such a disgraceful acction, so he has in plain terms repudiated using any expression or harboring any such tiuient. Astoan especially injurious assertion that the French-Canadians were ready to aid in the destruction of the Canadian Confederation, he says: “1 protest against " such an imputation, which is injurious to “ my country, disloyal towards the “ Mother Country and totally unworthy “ of the proverbial loyalty of the French-44 Canadian people.” These manly words will, perhaps, silence some of the traducers for a time, but they will probably soon recommence their calumnies.
1889: Canada:United States:~The Bishop nut only utterly repudiates idoa of the annexation of  to the , but ho also hazards a prediction as to the future relations between the two countries. He says: “ In “ the not very far distant future, and for “ causes already apparent, the American “ Republic will be divided probably into “ several indej>endent States, and it is not “ at all improbable that a portion of this
1889: Canada::~republic will seek annexation 44 to the Dominion of . ’~ It is hard to foretell the future, but certainly this event is more probable than that Canada will allow itself to be absorbed by the United States.
1889: 1 here is much concern expressed in MiliDg in thà~t direction, he came to Canada . ^	, Thy low response repeat ;	I was surprised at the evidence of my o m
1889: Î	am re «~ wuipaay at Canada,
1889: Canada::~and may tw sent by mall to any Fust Office In . Nrw Illustrated Catalogue now ready. Containing Description and Fricei ef the choicest
1889: Mailed free. Kvery Farmer and Gardener should have a copy before ordering s«~-rds for the coming season. Handsomest catalogue published in Canada,
1889: Canada::~i one particular to  untill tels thoroughly restored to for this sort of exercise, which determines a clay resembling cream, and baked, or	_hi. ,	. 1 f cGanges of
1889: Canada::~' could tell on the side of , but was far as theeintere»~ts of Canada will allow.” I suddenly the acquaintance of Mr. Rochon the paragraph in which the Times speaks cautiously slurred over or ingeniously Mr. Weldon, M. 1*., for Albert Co., N. was made ! It was only a week ago last of “the moral turpitude wnwpicuoualy twisted. The only drawback to the in- B. has intnxluced a hill to extend the pro- Monday, I presume that for the first associated with a low order of brains, tellectual enjoyment is the sense of unfit- visions of the Extradition Act, so as to time in hie life the Aylmer Time* man I can lait say that “those who person -
1889: made, the sum of 641,802.88 was collect- settled state of the Fishery question. S|r Ch“rle* Tuflwr »«P«t«d here this bier sphere failed in its su, as did the Ob the 80th June, 1887, there	were	Severil div«~ nreviouslv it was given out	I	week Hts mission to Canada is in con-	great 7me*	from which it claims to have
1889: Canada:Canada:~J. ( hanlor. The fees on permits, etc., blame for the failure of the late treaty having passed through its struggling morn granted to parties interested in mining negotiations with the United States, which ing and noon-day of its progress and hav-amounted to $83., and the expenses to latter be considered had been treated in a ing now reached almost the sunset of its *09.68. The sum of $2,<34 1< was col- most unfriendly spirit, notwithstanding | career, for the tiret time, I expect, has it lee ed on account of new and old sales of that they had been disposed to deal fairly I opened it# eyes to the true ( t ) aspect of beach and waterlot#. The domain proper j with . Mr. L. even went to the the political situation of , “Better f	T,1<i expends amounted legnth of asserting that the Canadian late than never;” it is preferable to make
1889: Canada::~States against . Even the Fred- Sir John shattered the contentions of j We will commence with its fulsom edi-dent has not manifested such a giasp of | the Opposition leader in his vigorous reply,	torial on Mr. Rochon. The Times re	T
1889: Canada::~by  where the less clear mental ! can war. On the contrary the V .S. Gov-1 county, should exist against Mr. Rochon. TwPoH Q vision of President Cleveland was able to ernment had frequently thanked the Can- Of course between the practitioner and the "*¦ ” v jHB to discern nothing but justice and fairness,	adian Government, of which he, Sir John,	last witness it forgets to rank the Aylmer	o
1889: Canada::~Mills or Mr. Edgar sat down after such ing  from being made a base of days of darkness displayed the most spite "Q j	,
1889: Canada::~and assurances that they had waved the | suppliant  became, the more	not be possible for men in simply a pol-
1889: Kanucks—~that they had everlastingly ! of the treaty of 1871, Canada took vigor- fore why the Times has thought that	TUT\___	^
1889: the weakness of allowing a single point in ; would bo willing to treat with us.”~ Speak- ed) of hatred and animosity against its favor of Canada. Even readers in this j ing further in criticism of that portion of former friends, and while humbling itself country who would not feel enthusiastic Mr. Lauriers resolution aiming at unre- i to the party it condemned and exeented over such triumphs could not hide from stricted reciprocity, the premier said “~the ' for years it plays the adder and stings themselves the consciousness that Messrs, jieople of Canada would resent any humil- tho breast that nurtured and protected it.
1889: Canada::~That ns the Jesuit estate s were given over by the Crown to be held In perpenity for the education of the youth in Lower , we alike motes* against. I heir sale and the distribution of the proceeds among sectarian institutions.
1889: Canada::~That n petition, In terms of the foregoing resolutions, he signed by the chairman and secretary on behalf of this meeting of the In habitants of the village of Huntingdon and its vicinity, and sent, through the hands of Mr. Julius Sertver, to the <Jovarnor-Oeneral of the Dominion of . In council, urgently pi ax lug Ills excellency to Intervene in such a manner a*- may to his wisdom seem best, in order that Justice may be done lu the premises.
1889: Canada::~Third. To hsue an appeal to the  asking them to support t mentioned petition to the Queen.
1889: Canada::~One of the most terrible murders ever committed in  took place in Guelph on Tuesday last week, and ha» thrown the city into a state of uproar. Mr. W. II. Harvey, who occupied the position of book keeper for the World publishing company, w as arrested for embezzlement. Asserting his innocence, ho became temporalily deranged on account of the disgrace of being arrested. He purchased a revlover, went home assembled his family, deliberately shot his wife and two daughters. He then left for Toronto, where he was arrested, being tracked in the city through the sending of a message to a son who was in a situation in the city. The son had heard of the murder and left for Guelph. The prisoner was one of the most active men in St. George’s church, and was looked upon as the soul of honor. It is supposed that what was considered embezzlement was only a mistake in book-keeping, and that the prospect of his family’s being disgraced produced temporary insanity, with the terribly fatal results that follow-
1889: some one retiring gave them a chance of int°~ an exhaustive review of the history jn t|ie Legislature of old Canada. The	^ °A. p/BRADLEY
1889: Canada::~Seldom before in the history of Confederated , has a period occurred in which the proceedings of Parliament w ere watched with each intense interest, as that which has characterised the week that has just closed. The cause of this unusual concern in the deliberations of our legislators, it is perhaps, needless to aay was the discussion of the
1889: criminal offences, Such strong opposition ! mediately on receipt of the news of the was shewn to the retroactive clause, that it ! accident, and the wrecked passengers, waseliminated. The bill will therefore only j together with the injured who had been apply to offences committed subsequent , rescued and two killed, were brought to to its becoming law. Yankee “~boodlers" this city. The two Wagner cars ih the now residing in Canada will thus be en-1 rear of the train were uncoupled from the abled to enjoy the fruits of their dishon- ! rest and saved from the flames. A large eat y without fear of molestation. Woe, j gang of employees under the direction of however, to the next squad that seeks an 1 John Hall, locomotive foreman, worked
1889: Canada::~to re-produce it in ; that period tell whether they were of male or femme JL valuable mine, which le the product of being thought long enough to deprive the	Therew«rell3 linger, m all to
1889: Canada::~yearn past  has been pushing the According to the " Methodist Recorder, | his hands, topographical survey of her Cordilleras.	there are 421,784 members of the iVosleyan
1889: Canada::~Or was It a Itoul young person, equally ai	CHAPTER VII.	 Is still thinking about It, or rather dedicated for public worship lest week
1889: rWlEAlWEBSean make money dudng X by canvawing for ore or more of our f*»~t selling Bnoka and Bibles, especially Hi dory of Canada, by W. H. Withrow, D.D., latest and hr et edition ever pu lished. pilots low, terms liberal illustrated circular» and terms.
1889: Canada:Canada:~a tunnel under the Eoglleh channel. South India has many long miles of railroads and the whole of Hlndoetan, which ie half the ifze of the Dominion of , has a railroad net covering It. The construction of railroads has Included engineering works fully ae grand as the railroad making of  or the United Slates, and the keeping of them in order Ie more difficult.
1889: Canada:United States:~Here in India there is a vast difference be tween the prices of the various classes. First class Is on the great Indian peninsula railroad, which is a lair type of the whole, 2$ cents per mils. Second class is just one-half this rats and Intermediate one half of second class. Third class l# one half the Intermediate and the third class pays. Tos third-class oars oar-y thirty two passengers. They are divided into compartments with benches nnoushloned, running so across the that the passengers face sach other, and the passengers are packed in as close as sardines. They are always full and these East Indians travel as much as do the citizens of  or the . I have yet to find a train in which
1889: Canada::~the benefit of  at large, he urged | strifes and be united. That was his word them to do so.
1889: Canada::~And afterward., when together we fought deliberately began her living meal before	jJL 10,000 in use in  ; A HIETU/IL BENEFIT A880CN.
1889: CANADA::~I AH Itimit; to 01 .
1889: tons. The distinction of being the thickest „~ K. MIJIIBAV, General Mantger Canada whip skinned quadruped belongs to the Indian plngCo„ 1 Custom House Bocabb. Mobtbbal, or
1889: F-h r no, w.ighwl in thtir own , «ta, SM»»»? BÈ~Sffilfi simply because fish scales are not built that Hound Trip Tickets, #6U, steerage. ID. Apply to weigh.	H e. Ht'HAf, Owners! Manager Canada *blp
1889: who is unquestionably a more vmmvnt ¦~ nstitutional lawyer than Mr. Maolaren, this statement by I win t mg to Article 979 of the Code of Civil Proced of Lower Canada, under which he is of opinion the Attorney tien era. of the Pro* vmoe can be petitioned to institute actions to teat the legality Wth of the act incorporating the Jesuits* and the Estates Act* Again* as regards the $t*0,000 which the Estates Act provides for lYotestant schools. Mr. Gamble stated that whilst the'principal of the $400, (XX) waa l^aidto the Jesuits, the interest only on the #00,-000 was to go the Protestant Committee of Public Instruction. Mr. Barnett also argues from this to us apparently Sironwus standpoint. The phraseology of the clause »f the Act bearing on this point does not warrant these conclusions, unless indeed it has some other interpretation than appears on the surface. W e quote :
1889: to see her wasted form (awful smell); eight I ordering the latter to bring forward hâ~i Canada twist. 77,014 Nt> h*»d oould lay a single wrong bedde the 591 blue kinds, 31; of the 308 violet-blue
1889: Canada:United States:~10,000 In use In  ; HMI^HM26,000 in nee In the . They are aim pie and ooet lets than other makes, while performing the same work. They start ensy at 25 Ibfc., and wtrk work to 1501b# ; Lift water 18 to 20 ft, and work from & bead as welt Automatic and restarting when current to boiler is broken. Send for circular to main • ffijs,
1889: Canada::~Delivered anywhere In . Largest Stock.
1889: Canada::~Moccasins in .
1889: Columbia, 8. C., Oct. 89—Seme very ou I eooe« bas produced the surprise of the day, b® msde to Greece. Since his accession tj *Jrer °J the monument Judge I/ambert Tree, rlone facte In connection with the rooent aP°~n thoee who have become alarmed by the throne, In Jone, 1888, he has visited Though we In Canada have an historic In lynching of young Robert Barrier ior the ^e steadily increasing speed of ocean steam- l Hceeie, Austria, Italy, Denmark, Sweden, tereel in LaSalle, Montreal having been hie murder of his mother in law near Lexinctcn "hips. The present rule of the nautical road and Eogland, as well as the principal cities has® of operations, the people of the Western N. C., have just corn# to light. A party who aquiree a ship to slow down In thick weather *“ ™ Carman Empire. A lees restless mode States, and particularly the Chicagoans, witnessed	the	hanging	says	Bsrrler	wae	bttt Dr- Slevklng, and all the German dele	of ll,e» and ,ewer «pertinents with new	have reason to honour him
1889: Canada::~hymn was raised, the horse was led from et^or' ** It had, he would have rarely olty itself, beneath the royal stable#. Near , ,boaJd be preserved asi 's memorial under him, and the body was left dsrgling	the latter have been found several tombs In °* th® discoverer of the West,
1889: said It was a kind of a triangular duel In of J™~ he,P ? hlm* The heat WBS * which Great Britain, Canada and the	mfcde,in V2; In tbe next heac DiC trotled
1889: Canada::~bound to respect the views of  In the	conductor, called out the names of the son.--------. There was no truth in the 	„---------------------------
1889: Deacon Ebony—“~New that the watermil* relations between Canada and lod., and the brakeman yelled with all the lien a rap is 'boat ovab, It seems 1er me, Mis-
1889: Canada::~The parcel post service of  has	aenta to the twin cities is appalling. How	seen to fall backwanls snd physicians pro-	1^	F"	I	II II 11	1
1889: Canada::~ion <>f , 1,012 passenger can and ___________________________
1889: It Is announced that the Imperial govern- I ped hie ,su hle flight, and on it was the ment hss refused to consent to the bill I namo Henri de Clsneade, and above a coat paeeed at the last session of the federal I of *rme snd 1 (want's coronet. De Claaeade st s wed- I parliament providing for the return of all I àmêrUà~ from the French army, and ago. criminals from the United Spates who have I hsd been acting as armourer to the pirates, the I sought refuge in Canada. This is only in | P™parlng the weapons for the slaughter of
1889: SalHnr Weekly between NOSTMR4V. and IIVIRFNI. Saloon Ticket#, $40, S&o and $80. Itetura Ticket#, $H0, $00 sod |i!0, eooonilng to «teenier end accommodation. I .«^/mediate #30, Hound Trip Tickets, #80. Steerage. #»~). Apply to N. K. NlltBAV, General Manager Canada Nblp Vlad to., I Custom Hoots Squabs, Morruav, or so Lcoal Agents In all Tow ne and Ol Gm
1889: Canada::~rpiAMIKUoan mate money during vacation 1 by canvAiwtng for one or more of our fast eelllng Books and liiblee, especial1 y History of , by W H. Withrow, D.D., latest and beet edition fsi published, prioee low, terme UberaJ Write for Illustrated el real are and terms. WM. BR1GG8 Publisher, Toronto.
1889: Canada::~are eo ready and glad to extend. I plead dreaming that the Ilghtnbg would strike *tia*d. The Book will teach you how lo The largest hoes> foe hslr gcod* in . Gxxis guilty. I never do. 1 will do anything 1 him. Great was his surprise when the news	life worth living. If every adult In on e-ed br m.U*a*seat««4 •••ahsCsTlory m »>y per-
1889: Canada::~15, 50 Front Street E , Toronto, .
1889: Canada::~True to ,
1889: Canada::~Moccasins in .
1890: Canada::~houIn  !
1890: Canada:United States:~Graduates of Alma Commercial College are now in lucrative positions In the leading cities of  and the , Full courses In Back keeping, Vnonography, P-mmanship, Typewriting, Certificates and diplomas granted. Young ladies punuiug either of the above courses oan also enter for Music, Fine Arte, or K ocutlon and er joy all the advantages ol residence. Rates low. GO pp. announcement free. Address Principal Austin, AM.
1890: Canada::~water was not only found in abundance* bat hidden ny sand.	15 50 Front Street E., Toronto, ,
1890: Canada::~This is the very route for which the  Atlantic has vixen notice by ex tension of its main road and transfer of its terminus to the same vicinity.
1890: Grip begins its thirty fourth volume with the New Year, which means that this, brave little journal has celebrated its atr-enteenth birthday When we say—as wo can without hesitation—~that its ability both literary and artistic lias been kept up to a uniformly high standard throughout this long period, and that to-day is as bright as ever, we mention a fact exceedingly creditable, not only to the conductors of Grip, but aiso to the Canadian people. without whose appreciation and support this phenomenon of journalism would h vc bjen impossible. We oh 11 it a pi e uouienon advisedly, for so far as we avare, there is not another country <f Canada's age—certainly no other Colony —that can boast of a sixteen year-old C unie Journal. Grip has well deserved its success. It is not merely a clever and amusing paper, it is also a recognized power in Canadian public life, and a power which, we are glad to say, is always on the right side where questions of moral principle are concerned. It ought to be a pleasure to every Canadian to contribute to the success of such a Journal,—and the most practical way of doing this is by subscribing. Tho price is only Two Dollars per year. Subscription to be addressed tu G rip} Turent*, Ont.
1890: Canada::~Delivered anywhere in . Largest Stoe**
1890: Canada::~History of , by
1890: Canada::~Brantford, *
1890: Canada:United States:~Mr. IV Creighton, has been sued for criminal libel by the Mail, in consequence of the Empit f having published certain articles charging Mr. K. Farrar, chief of the Mail editorial staff, with conspiring with United States Congressmen, to defeat ti e American reciprocity bill now before the United States Congress, with a bring about the annexation of  to tlie .
1890: Sir John Macdonald—~When 1 6rst saw tho motion of my honorable friend the only doubt in my mind whs whether there any necessity again fur the people of Canada to declare then loyalty. Itut that doubt warn roinovod when 1 heard the sentiments of my honorable friend. I cordially agree with every word of hi# eloquent remarks, and l hope and 1 relieve that the House will respond to them and the sentiments which caused my honorable friend to place this motion in your hands Ashe stated the conversation that I had with my honorable friend was aim ply for the purpose of suggesting for his consid •ration some verbal alterations, because 1 thought it wt il that, if possible, the result should be received and carried without amendment or suggestions of amendment, and my honorable friend was kind enough to receive with favor some of the suggestion that 1 made. 1 hope that the desire expressed by my honorable friend will tie adopted, and that nooontroversisl remarks statement made that would mar
1890: We. Your Majesty's most dutifull and loyal •~n hieefii. Com montra of Canada I n I arllement a**emhUd, desire most esreewtly In our own iimme ami on twhallot the people whom we have the honor to represent to renew tlie expression* of nur unswerving loyalty and fie-motion to Your Majesty's person and the Government. May IL P'' **«~* t <>ur Majesty, we have learned with feeding* of the most sincere and earnest disapproval that varions public statement,# have bee* made calling in question the loyally of the people of ( anada to the polities I union now happllv exlstlag between this Danslnlon ami the British Km* pire and representing It a* the desire of the people of Canada to sever such connection We would, therefore, respectfully assure Your Majesty that such statements are wholly Incorrect representation* of the people of Canada, who ere among Your Majesty's most
1890: Canada::~the political union existing between  and the rest of the British Empire ently desire It# continuance therefore, earnestly express the hop#
1890: Canada::~V) Your Majesty's person and the Government. hut would be pleased to accept the assurance* contained In this humble address as representing correctly{ which they do ) the contentment of Your Majesty's Canadian subject, with the political connection but ween  amt the rest of the British Km pire • nd of their unswerving determination to •Id In maintaining the same. Wv pray that tlie bl<i*s|ngs of Your Mnjesty'* reign may for your people's sake he long continue*.
1890: usa::and the torn of Windsor, in which he lived, as statements had been sont broadcast that an annexation sentiment existed We might have our party differences in there. He denied this acction and wizard to the best way of promoting the would like W have no better opponent to public welfare, but we had our common co„test the constituency with him than b nd of union in regard to the great prin- one favorable to annexation. (Hear, hear.) ci pie of British connection, a principle [t wee charged against Col. White, ex M which controls all political thought in p p., that he warn an annexationist. ¦~ Canada, and before which all other quee- had Mr. White's assurance that hts (Mr. ii->ns dwarf into utter insignificance, and White’s) views were that if our relations he ventured to assert that our position as were changed he would rather have politi-citizeni of the greatest empire known to #,) union than independence. Ho (Patter-civilisation commanded In a more marked	did not share these views,
1890: A# observers of current events, all of |awg *»~ t0 include the general laws and thorn would have noticed the trend of the by-lawe, and to aid distressed members ; Atnericaii|press within the last few months. establish a fund for the relief of sick We were represented there as a people ^nd distressed brethren was also aimed at divided, race against race, creed against wej| as educating members socially and creed, province against province, Donato- morally. On the death of a member a ion against Empire ; and tliat Canada was eum nol exceeding $3,000 is asked to be bordering on revolution, our only malva- jeft ^ bis widow, orphans or relative*, tion being annexation. It was proper to The heaa office of the association will be ask the House to give a contradiction to U| Xorento. The value of the property these statements. He referred to the>p- which the Grand Lodge may hold shall pointmtnt of a committee at Washington nvt exceed $200,000.
1890: Canada::~tee from  he suggested the unant- y^^don, January 31.—~I mous adoption of the resolution. This |hat the D^e of Cambridg would be an authoritative deliverance ^pygition as commander in chief from the people of Canada through their	army in October next and that he
1890: Canada::~the people or  who rejoice in their	_
1890: Mr. Laurier «aid that there was no need f«»~r such a resolution, although he appreciated the motives that prompted it. There was no necessity for the people of Canada renewing a pledge of their loyalty to the British Crown, for that could not bo questioned, nor their loyalty and devotion and attachment to Her Majesty, (hear hear,) who, during a long not only as a queen but as a woman, has endeared herself to all her subjects. (Hear hoar.) lie thanked the member for Belle-chasse for having spoken for the race to which both of them belonged, for testing to the loyalty of the French Caned to the British crown. As long as all our requirements were granted and things were aa they now stood he endorsed every word contained in the address, impmvu-
1890: CANADA::~HOT  8 DB8TINY
1890: through with vigor, so that befoie a year Miss Bella Ritchie, sister of Mrs. Capt. Coroner Josephs and Dr. Hnlatc!, and j co„~eellted, and tho resolution pasava engines of the Canada Atlantic may Davis, of this village, leaves on \\ ethics- they found that the deceased had tv..en a . uisly carried.
1890: Canada::~Delivered anywhere in . largest Stuck. IjowohI I‘rice*.
1890: Watereus Engine Work»~ Ce., Ltd., Brantford, Canada.
1890: V’~oters must in all cases be of full age, 1 fereoos of opinion which may eiiat Inland British subjects. Secretary treasur-1 tween us sud only remembering the era of municipalities are required to make I great love we bear for our country, to out the lists between the 1st and 15th of push forward in the great work of build-March. They are alaoordered by recent I ing up a nationality in Canada which legislation, on simple applciati«m and I shall he able to challenge the applause proof of qualification, to enter the name and admiration of the world. Them the <»f any person thus qualified upon the rot-1 time will hare com* in the history of era* lists of their iuunici|»~alities, and any Canada, when the proudest words a citi ©lector may make application for the in sun of this country can utter will be acription of one or more qualified persons I " 1 am a Canadian.
1890: Canada::~with this difference, that it is the annual, spoken and published in the press through value of the farm which is the basis of the j out the country that will rankle in the electoral franchise. Temporary absence hearts and torment ill-feeling between from the farm or establishment of his fa ! the two races of , a feeling which ther nr mother, during six months of the ' at the present time is only too strong be year in all, or absence as a "atudent"shall tween the two races in the Provinces of not deprive the son of the exercise of the Quebec and Ontario; great responsibility franchise.	now will rest with aspiring politicians of
1890: Canada::~the Cyclone plow was made on these sole	lavcr 0( tX)lton batting, over which I  ami Alaska, and asking that British An’ start the hot tears from her eyelids,
1890: these giant joltor», botflM by y dm in the Ktwti’lgwiUgh|. down ehowa the expenditure Z-H>lvpe»l <kr«jw in J’~nrif. whija ho I Xi ftiUrmye > inuli proviWW of Canada e% sketching the re. TH6 lltfmàiil had tntiMe Jjutim/theU 1\ H. main line and the Sault friends With the hteu Hidturiida, kiiA was bum. ;.'u> 1* a* follows ; Ontario,	,WV> ;
1890: In the death of Mr. John Omn my, which occur roil leoently at the re» wlen cv of hi* brother Mr. Henry Connolly, of Fort Cvului.gu, another of our ever diminishing land-marks has Won removed. The late Mr. Connolly had icached the advanced ago of HI. I!e was the eldest non of tiro late William Connolly, a chief factor of the Hudson’* Bay C unpany. Tho dvcvHuvd was one of the n«»w few kuv-rivnre <it tho loyal volunteer» w!o turned out to defend their Q.wen an 1 country during the troubles of 1337 $. It !<$ said these volunteer» were promise 1 land fm their services, which they never got. As tlie present premier (»~f Canada was also one of the number, an enquiry n hi» pert into the circumstances «if the few remain-ones, is deserving of attention.
1890: fAluned.) Rodolphe î.kmikü~*. manufactured m Canada Common wall The question put to Mr. Lemieux by paper i* to come in ehezqxtr. The duty Buchand wtu how ho must employ which ia a specific one, was imposud w lion the money as there was no exclusively puces a ore higher, and now that they Catholic school in the pariah.	are down, the duty ia disproportionately
1890: Canada::~they gave -he money to the priest during ^how is not made in , and Mr. Silks, election time it was an act of charity and Poster says in cannot be so made profit- -, Tlnthc could not affect the voting, as only the i Bbly.	..	.	. . 1X	LIUlllb,
1890: Canada:England:~The indications are thst His Royal Highness Prince Arthur (Duke of ('on naught) now on his way to  fn tn India eu route to  will, Ht a not very distant day, succeed the Duke of Va««bridgo as (Jouimander-iu I hitf of the Efritish Army.
1890: of which the raw materials are largely pro- at O|’~|C0 Ujtell into custody by the cutter, duced in Canada, is increased. The duty phd Pathfinder was nut seized but degloves and mitts is increased from 30 tajnwj ponding instructions from the per cent, to ilf> i»~er cent. This is because treasury department at Washington although there are lots of glove makers in phis RC\jon opens the Behring sea squab Canada, wo last year paid #145,000 for R„njn The schooner was one of tho gloves to outside nations. Copper and British sealing vessels seised last year in bras* w ire has been free; now Canadians Behring sea by the revenue cutter Rush are beginning to make it, and they are to AUd vroered to go to Port Townsend In He protected by a duty of 16 per cent, charge of one seaman as a prize master,
1890: Canada::~American dealer wants to sell a $60 cow The estimated revenue and expenditure into  now, he will have to pay $15 Fur the current year, 1889 90 on the basis	duty instead of $9 as hitherto. Similarly,
1890: Canada::~Delivered anywhere In . Uu-gest Stock. lowest I Met s.
1890: Canada::~dilapidated mendicant. Hat in hand, with a grant of $20,000 from . t.«>•	cloevd w|ien there arose on the outside an
1890: Canada::~ed in the  Gazette. They srv : icy that has brought the treasury within
1890: head. „f faurilie. for the hundred acre 1< ; Impem Bank »~t Canada, 4 percent.,
1890: Canada::~ers of  but in their most slanderous moods it was never even insinuated less minority. Even with it, the records	that the servants of the government had
1890: Canada::~Delivered anywhere In . Largest Stock. Lowest Price*.
1890: Canada::~Profit*, which arc unexcelled hr any Company doing bunlnew in , arc allocated every fivejrearw from the inane of the policy, or at longer period* a* may be selected by the Insured.
1890: K° *H r hA h" r iL?' K - : '1 »!	hin^k'u”' «‘«~rliamont of Canada will have to ado,,:
1890: Canada::~A coroner's inquest was held, and the usual verdict returned, exonerating the doctor. This is the first case that has occurred in .
1890: Canada::~Is the finest in  for Engine Cylinders.
1890: Flocks of wild pigeons are reported from Kingston as having reappeared after many years’~ absence. Good crops and a sickly summer are the old saws connected in Canada with years when wild pigeons are plentiful.
1890: Canada::~A bill to amend the Combines Act, hav I He new mineral atbctoa, in the .|ual-in* for iu object thu greater protection ity of which  l**d*	‘6	*
1890: provincial election.	f >r this ,,»~sition. There was, he argued, it looks as if Canada had fairly started in	nnmg an	!
1890: Canada::~---	-------- men in  competent to till this po- what must be a wonderful career as a min- |j entrusting tlicil* OnlOTS to
1890: Canada::~Renfrew at the approaching provincial post.	length discovered in  enticing re I securing best Satisfaction,
1890: Canada::~HH President		IfllilJ	QCP 1/ CTT	ID
1890: Canada:Canada:~The change from the northwest to the { Gypsum shows in the same period an in-AVestern territories of , proposed crease of 29 per cent, in the output. Iron by the Hon. Mr. Abbott in the Senate, an increase of 22 per cent. Steel has ris-wili be sure to meet with the approval of en from 7,326 tons in 1886 to 29,333 tons the inhabitants of that great land of pro in 1889, showing a manufacture over three mise. The change has already, indeed, times greater as the result of increased ac-been anticipated in an informal way by tivity. Silver shows an output in dollars the press of the Territories, and some of in 1889 which is 80 per cent, of an in-our English visitors have applied the crease over 1886 and which probably does teim Western  to the region be- not represent the real increase owing to yond Lake Superior. That the term the depreciation in value during recent “Northwest”~ gives the impression of a years. The development of the menu-country more north than west is undoubt- facture of sulphuric acid is very marked, adly true, and when it is considered the output in 1889 having been 10,998,-that (apart from Alaska) all Canada is north of the United States, the distinction is certainly not called for. Besides, as Mr. Abbott points out, the Northwest of Canada would be very differently situated frmn the four districts that we call the Territories, am applied to which, therefore, it is a misleading misnomer.
1890: Canada::~eruor General of . Of course the laughing, " she had no reason at all ! She	" No, except a woman, outside the ndj-	you	sung;	arrangement. Otherwise I treat them ns
1890: cases, which hang eight inches Inflow tho sîe ^mnty, New York, is a female Her' *	AUII INSURANCE 66»~,Of CANADA.
1890: Canada::~Many persons in  will Itffist to I altogether de|>et»d <>n n.u of each	mÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊ^^^Ê^^^Ê/Ê
1890: Canada::~Is the finest in  for Engine Cylinders.
1890: Canada::~hear , to thee.
1890: Canada::~Hoar , to thee V* Ac
1890: Canada::~Hear , to thee !" Ae
1890: Canada::~Hear , to thee !" &«'.
1890: Canada::~Then wax e our flag on high The Maple-leaf and I tow. For  w e ll die Or vanquish all her foes
1890: Canada::~Hoar , to thee
1890: # 'imi'lniu (»~W/e, to represent Canada at Scatter ng payments in constitu-
1890: The object is to secure the publica- Added to this, nearly half a million d«»l-Bon, in the languages, of the customs tar lira of municipal indebtedness was mark-ids of the different countries concerned, ed oil" the Provincial ledger—Shelf-»~rd and thus facilitate the interchange of alone escaping responsibility for $223,000! trade. The conference met for the tirst When the further expenditures -amounttime last year, but Canada was not then ing to at least $3,500.000, to which Mr. specially represented
1890: Canada::~In the case of firms there must be attached to the tender, the actual signatures of the full name, the nature of the occupation and residence of each member of the and, further, an accepted cheque on a chartered bank In  for the sum of $A 00o, must accompany the tender for Heetlon No I,
1890: Canada::~and an accepted cheque on a chartered bank In , for the sum of $2,W>0 for each of the other sections.
1890: Canada::~Is the finest in  for Engine Cylinders
1890: Canada::~OIL, and no preparation for lung troubles etc. deserves to be lieeter spoken of. Consumptives can now take heart for at the general office in Toronto,  can, 1m* seen the highest testimonials that were ever given a similar medicine.
1890: Canada::~Tho finest buildings, furnishings and eguipmrvt, and the lowest rates In . Avemge rate for | t*«tnrd and tuition nb«>nt 1175 per annum. CU-pags
1890: Send to the Canadian headquarter* for anything you want in the Electrical Line. W are-houttt)and Main Line Telephone*, Annunciator.*, Hull*. Batteries, Motor*. Electrical Cash He-gisters. Home Medical Batteries. Telegraphic Instruments, etc., etc. The large»~# and best gMortrd stork In Canada. Everything perfectly new. having been put in since the lire, which destroyed our old premises and stock May 27th last. Write for catalogue. Special Inducements to tho trade.
1890: proaches the nearest to being “a love of a Toronto Write for circulars. Tho oldest bonnet.”~	manufacturers in Canada.
1890: Canada::~These are considerations which keep the Opposition where they are. To give them office would he a height of folly, and there is no evidence that the people  have taken leave of their senses.
1890: United States:Canada:~Kingston Net os : We believe that much of the produce of Canadian farms is purchased by Americans and shipped by th from  |x>rta as Ameiican goods. If this he so, the remedy is easy. Canadian buyers ought to be abb the farmer here aa good a price as, or even better than, the American buyers can possibly offer. If he does and ships his purchases direct to Britain the succeeding returns will no doubt show an increase of imports from .
1890: Canada::~Mr. Clmplin, British Minister of Agriculture, has just stated in parliament in reply to a question referring to the importation of live American cattle, that he declines to consider the Vnited States free from pleuro pt prices which  would have to pay for commercial union would be the loss of privilege of sending in our live cattle to the British markets
1890: is not reasonable to suppose that a J*®~ an<* registered in the Dominion of The Globe whose editor-in chief is M-. party in Opposition for a long time with Canada during the last year was 280,
1890: Canada::~rote in this contest. All , from stand as monuments to the wisdotu of the Thomas Craig, by furnishing aimroved	MUùLélN &ULU l/A DKR C!OST
1890: France:Canada:~Archbishop Duhamel being seen to-day by the Journal with reference to the purchase, said that he intended to erect a large church on the farm for the French Catholic residents of Hintonburg, Mecha-nicsville and other places in the immediate vicinity. There is nothing definite yet as to what priest will be in charge, but it is likely they will be of the Capuchin order of , the first of the order to be established in . These priests lead a similar life to those of the S\
1890: Canada::~The area of , according to the latest estimate of the Interior Department from data supplied by Government sur feyors, is 3,510.000 sqnire miles, the land surface Iteing estimated at 3,370,000 square miles. These figures are less than those
1890: Canada:United States:~,  is 500,000 square miles larger than perhaps, that it really does little or nosocial the , without Alaska. Verily thing towards quenching thirst. On the con-dying to go to Africa | the 41 few arpents of snow ” have increased. | trary, there is much reason for believing
1890: Canada::~the next station is Agassiz, w here the Ex- ! do work for  and the church, PâTtiCUlâJ attention paid to ths Oom. permiental farm of B.C. in situated. Here although no further details are forth we enter the Chilli whack valley. From I coming.
1890: Canada::~Leads all other Colleges In  in t ic number of matriculant* prepared annually.
1890: Cotton seed oil, vegetable oil, mineral oil, starch, caustic, lime, alum, carbonate of potash, salt, potatoes, potato©~ flour, chalk, plaster of pans and barytes. T his is the stuff some of our politicians want to be brought into Canada free of duty. If they have a fondness for it a regulation might be passed removing the duty from all lots specially imported for personal consumption by («rit M.P.'s.
1890: Canada::~family. He told the lepresentatise o* a	cjai manager of the , W est India,	months.
1890: Canada::~long period mentioned, and lie says that	t)14} V|uestion of trade between  and 1	At P I) Fort,	on	Friday last, Robert Hun-
1890: Canada:United States:~Mercier has always retained the whole of The policy accepted by Messrs. Laurier the patronage in his own hands and none and Cartwright from Mr. Wiman of the of the ministers dare take on a permanent surrender of  to the  employé without his consent, and it	was	js supported by one of their organs by a
1890: Canada::~Central  Fair, asmei*
1890: Canada::~which left a lacerated wound. After croes	corned beef and cabbage.	receipe calls for, so pat enough to nearly	I	era 0f  and likeall graduates of	Alma
1890: there was anything «rooked about Mr. ingas wcolen manufacturers and importers tieUeyn’~s connection with the team. Foot* are sending circulars all over Canada to bailer proves conclusively that he is a lin- the fanning community, offering to sup-<tal descendant of Ananias and Sapphira. ply woolen goods at fabulously low prices.
1890: Canada::~to remain in .
1890: Canada::~tlistftse is the Dominion of , t >r up put on yourdreeeee of rod and gold ;	If, upon the occasion of your first call, the
1890: adoption of a two cent postage . J thau in thc.ee of other colonies, as the .January.. letter»~ throughout Canada and the l nited | j0j|0Wjng figures testify :	On October February.
1890: Canada::~States at the next session of Parliament. <	1^89  3 per cent, stock was March
1890: Canada:United States:~15, and in Germany lb, and in the United States 39 per thousand. It will thus be that  stands in a favorable position as compared with Great Britain and the .
1890: Canada:Canada:~The new Kidderminster Manufacturing company recently formed in England by the amalgamation of old and well known English carpet manufacturera with a capital of 31,750,000 and employing 1.500 hands propose to start a branch factory in  which will employ 400 hands, and which for the present will confine them-itelvee to the manufacture of Brussels carpet. Mr. Hewitt, agent of tins new company, had a long interview with the Minister of Finance recently regarding the establishment of the business in . Mr. Foster asked him to submit his views in writing.
1890: The current number of The Canadian Gn&r and General Storekeeper, Toronto and Montreal, contain* 52 pages impor tant information for business men. Its market reports ate its great feature—they have been accepted as official in the courts. It is noted for its short, spicy articles, which aim t<> keep its renders abreast of the times. The American Grocer says it is “~ the brightest and liveliest trade journal in Canada. It makes its advertising columns of unusual interest ; in them are to be found announcements of leading wholesalers and manufacturers. It costs 2 cents per week, and he is a poor retailer who cannot get that much out of it. Subscribe or send for a sample.
1890: United States:Canada:~that Free Trade between Canada and the United Statua would be bad for Canadian farmers. It appears to us, speaking from a non-partisan standpoint that the question of unrestricted reciprocity with the  lies not with Mr. Colly, Sir John Macdonald, Sir Richard Cartwright or Canadian any other statesman. It is Mr. Blaine who holds the key of the situation, the man who has reiterated the statement in many a platform during the presidential campaign of 1888 that the Republic party weuld have no union with  short of political union.—Renfrew Journal.
1890: CANADA::~1 AND INSURANCE CO., OF .
1890: Canada::~Profits, which are unexcelled by any Company doing business in , are allocated every five years from tho issue of the policy, or allonger periods as may be selected by the insured.
1890: Water»~ Enjjne Works Go., Ltd., Brantford, Canada.
1890: Tickets obtainable iv «~11 points In Canada I and the United States.
1890: •~h Ammrtran. The bustnwe of the late c. a Smith	,n* for a B',nre V* the Pub,lc patronage as	position was noticed by Mrs. Thomas Cuaig. B >m in Canada thddi ceased was	One of the old landmarks, Mr. George
1890: Canada:usa:~preparation is much more likely to meet not to tell her of Dr. Pierce s Favorite Pre- I fl* witn popular approval at a distance than at scription. We do want Mary to know, in i I home. Nasal lialm, acknowledged as Iwinc some way or other, that this world famed I <*hi the greatest remedy for cold in the head and remedy will cure her beyond any doubt ! It 's catarrh, ever offered the people of , just the medicine for young womanhood affords a striking instance of the fact that and thonds has it bridged over that peril popular opinion, for once, at least, is wrong, ous sea.
1890: Canada::~Profits, which are unexcelled by any Company doing business in , are auouOsA every five years from the issue of the policy, or at longer periods as may bo selected by lb* insured.	_	_ .	.	____
1890: Toronto Nov. 28—~A conference was held hero to day between the representative of the Dominion, the province of Ontario and the province of Quebec, in re gard to the question of unsettled accounts of the old province of Canada and other important matters which have been » landing in abeyance. The Dominion
1890: office,-SO Union street, Kingston, ami with to the tender, the actual signatures of the the condition* and stipulation* contain, d in full name, the nature ot the nomination and a Form of Tender, copies of which trail he <»~b- real de nee of each member of the Kamo, and tatnedon application to the undersigned and further, an accepted cheque on a chartered W O Strong. Esq., Resident Engineer, 80 bank In Canada for the sum of $6 «on nniMt Union Street, Kingston. Out.	m	|
1891: The American poultry buyers have made up their minds that, year at least, they cannot supply the ft >•~ ton and New York Christmas mai kola without their usual recourse to Canada The poultry fails at Smith Kalis and other places in this vicinity have been as well attended as usual, and prices have been about equal to former years of poultry on the American side of th*-line is from three to five cents per pound than last year, showing that the eon er will hive to thank Mr. McKinley for having to pay more than he has been accustomed to for his Christinas dinner. The quantity sent from Canada to the United States will, probably, not fall much short of last year, one train load of seventeen care passing through Ottawa a short time ago. The duty on thin load of poultry will amount to about Bio 000, but that docs not affect the Canadia i fai mer, as he has got quite ms good p»ic» - as he did under the lower duty last year	In-
1891: »wa, Dec. 25. Sr Charles Tuppcr ded to-day to the Finance I>dpait-n » lie copy i>f a letter nom a London m chant dealer in eg/*, it which it is t *d that he has received six consign-n> s of Canadian egu* since September 1 lo says the egg*» have given entire sv '»»• tenon, and he thinks taut with care io jaivking, selecting, etc , there can he a * and remunerative business done be tw •~' London ami Canada during the coining year. The dealer says:	“I
1891: Dkak Sih, '-There is an old adage that at.,Tloro"‘°~> Canada, and may he con-
1891: Canada::~r particulars address with stamp. Richmond SL W.t Toronto, .
1891: Canada::~Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English, French and German Worsteds, English Broad Cloth, Overcoats, Undercoats, Smocks, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Drawers, Waterproof ('oats, Hats, Caps, Braces, Neckties, Shirting, Ticking, Duck, Halifax Tweed. Flannel Clothing
1891: Canada::~Mr. A. J, F< r ier, the Division Regis- has brothers somewhere in , | trar, has made the following return of but their whereabouts are unknown, registration for the town of Pembroke for though the deceased has had communiea the town of Pembroke for 1890:—Births, tion with one of them.
1891: Canada::~Of the Lubon Medical Company is now at Toronto, , and may be consulted either in person or by letter on all chronic diseases peculiar to man. Men, young, old, or middle-aged, who find them selves nervous, weak and exhausted, who are broken down from excess or overwork, resulting in many of the following symir toms :	Mental depression, premature old
1891: canada::~TORONTO. •
1891: Canada::~when  accepts the Vmtvd Staton lLu’ 0l,UWM nml Uaiineau Valley Kail way—
1891: v.°~.llcy i* ,th;t jt originated in the That whenever it shall be duly certified machinations of the Masonic Lodges. This I t<e> the President of the United States tint extraordinaiy notion is due apparently to \ *be government of the Dominion of Can-the alleged fact that in the fall of 1887 1 ada h“~ declared a desire to establish com-toe an l-religious lodges of Paris were on- jnercial union with the United States Itrufted S'lth the task of studying the ; ii,'lvin2' * uniform revenue system, like in-qustion of public instruction. The pro- ternational taxes to be collected and like gramme which resulted from their enquir- I juiport duties to be imposed on articles ies contained certain corollaries that were brought into either country from other exacted to follow the establishment of a | unions, with no duties upon trade bo -free and compulsory system of education. I	the United States and Canada," he
1891: Canada::~I he first of those corollaries was that,once "ball appoint three commissioners to meet echools were in operation, the communal ^ose who may be likewise designated to Bvhoojs would be laicized, then the free represent the Government of  to schools of the religious orders would he prepares plan for the assimilation of the abolished and, thirdly, all the free ra import duties and internal revenue taxes ligmus schools having been closed, the	two countries and an equitable di-
1891: Canada:United States:~tween  and the .’ i a nee of the grand uttiuere elected :	Fowl, |»er pair .........
1891: United States:Canada:~tween the  and  must Montreal ; R. \\\ Brother, Dr. H. L. [Carrots, per bag...................
1891: Canada::~Co thetu. But free trade with  Bro. Chambers, senior grand chaplain ; Kggs, |wr tloz.......................
1891: United States:Canada:~ as of the people of , | M. XX\ Bro. I. II. Stearns, grand trvus	Lard, per lb.............
1891: Canada:Canada:~will.  otiers and  desires | Bro. John Falea, for St. Francia ; XX*or. I Pelts, each.......
1891: Canada::~lion of  might enable her to play
1891: Ottawa, Fut). 1.—~Sir John Macdonald, in an internew yesterday in reference to certain statements in the GL>le regarain* trade negotiations between Canada and the United States, said :—“~ 1 have never stated that negotiations for paitial reciprocity were epened. That huh stated by the Ottawa correspondent of the Givht who generally manages to get thing** that are not so. As was reported, there was some friendly talk but which did not amount to actual negotiations, and which the Government were very glad to have and submitted t) the Imarial Government. I have stated, and 1 wish to reiterate, that Mr. McKinley's friends made every effort to prevent any sinus in favor uf Canada when the sure was going through Congress.
1891: Canada::~JOHN BECKETT. Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English, French and Ger-
1891: comparatively new arrivals attracted by Bettor per lb expectations of highly paid work in con* I r,,L,s p, r j nection with the World’~s Fair. The re-1 Lud maining 10,000 or 15,000 are Chicago resi- I Wool, dents and of these thousands cf nien and Beans their families are declared to be actually qrt,el| Pork starving. Canadians bad better stay nt Hides per 100 lbs home as the poorest city in Canada is ten I Put keys per lb. times b,t or off than Chicago according I (;ee8Vt ,t’er p, to the accounts of the Chicago newspa- Chickens, pi rs.	I
1891: Canada::~log the right to regulate our own tanil i ver to the American#, disc rim ination against (ireat Britain ane the rent of tho world, end making  the dumping ground of the #wet pings of American
1891: Tuesday and Wednesday.	own m„~ney in endeavoring to relieve the county of an unjust debt. McWan can-	j ()f Canada, who came here in	response to	I eiprocity. Ho wanted all harriers	be
1891: sw î~Zr TS# A CI\AlTf1 A T T	vassed the county and aucceodod in saddling tho doctor* with tho bonus, and after-	j tbe invitation of Mr. John	Bryson, it	tWtiCn Canada and tho United Stall s	re
1891: friends who constituted the " old guard, bay and oap— tho principal products of —the men who stood by Sir John in the this section—~were at that moment very hour of adversity -and is therefore re- much cheaper in the United States than yarded by the veteran chi- ftaiu with the Canada. He glibly talked of the doubling •r roatest esteem and confidence.	and trebling of the national debt, but
1891: “~ Where, in the whole scope of Canada's broad land, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the lakes to the ice bound
1891: Canada::~of  must ncco.iriiy ho ns high as of thv>e milli,n:\ire c.u|i.,rat ions, to whom "/'* got all the privileges on their aide, that of thi* country, a^uiiat the mitsulc every s’atea nan and ul'iccholdvr is subjec t 1 *;ey will d«) a» they have ft’ways d« ne world. '	I from the President, who resides in the V1 . ! viulnte or nntiul it the[first opp »r
1891: “~ Annexation would ho a s Canada.
1891: Canada::~t ai nly lead to either trouble or annexa  muet certainly have her tariff arranged for her at Washington to rrespond with the^6®
1891: Canada::~against imports through  under j good round majority for Mr. Bryson—the lower duties than tlieiis.	1
1891: tr««~m which such sum could be obtained it Q20 HCrCrIl7S' OLD STA17D Hie government of Canada. Mr. McLean	"
1891: Canada::~m ref than 30 years has	guidcl the des-	! nil vantage be?  couid not fell one	avc	,	vju u[ l!10	government, in any
1891: Canada::~for and know more about what  “ Lo k out for Unrestricted Heciproc-requires than the would-be statesmen who ity, and beware how you vote. To show
1891: Canada::~Profite, which arc unexcelled by any Company doing business in , are allocated every five years from the issue of the policy, or at longer period* as may be Elected by the insured.
1891: Canada::~Of the Lubon Medical Company is now at Toronto, , and may be con-
1891: Canada::~Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English, French and German Worsteds, English Broad Cloth, Overcoats, Undercoats, Smocks, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Drawers, Waterproof Coats, flats, Caps, Braces, Neckties, Shirting, Ticking, Duck, Halifax Tweed. Flannel Clothing
1891: <i:s v*c;:|,n her seeo.nl daughter, Mi-§ An gang to advance one argument ( showing 1110, wno sucjomojj i„~a severe alTjctimi that such a policy will benefit Canada') 1 01 t.ie Inn ^ after a very brief illm ai. that we can’t knock higher than Gildo as hi 0 as vhe Sunday previously, she at- toy’s kite iu one round. As to theahsvl- 1 to oled Hie obse.pi.ee of tho late Janie* ute sale of the Dominion—for sale it UVJliardion. Oil Friday her remains w.,u!d be—we simply say that Canadians %iore mteiled m the cemetery here, wheie so far, have at least be*n men, and we J 1st six wewkx he foie her sister was laid don’t believe they have changed to to mt The unbounded sympathy of the yet
1891: Canada::~hi thy iiaws of  » foot! Forward .	.	—
1891: Canada::~But now restrained by food mamma, while in  ami treated my neighbors ^ thoroughly treated, developes into ---—-------
1891: Canada::~Of the Lubon Medical Company is now at Toronto, , and may be consulted either in person or by letter on all chronic diseases peculiar to man. Men, old, or middle-aged, who find them-
1891: CANADA::~TORONTO  •
1891: Canada::~recent political struggle in .	“dunning" to obtain	.
1891: Canada::~his seat	in	the	Legislature	and his	port-	the McKinley bill was removed. 	with, will regsrd the prine ple with tho
1891: not follow that an injustice has been *uy on i.ie wheel policy* tho admin wind to face, and making slow progress committed. If it were such a thing tint wtration was primarily responsible for to owing ton recent snow storm. Nuverthe-the eoimmuiiiy wi»~n!d suffer in any wax 1 grout extent, and appealing sir ugly | O|cy reached the station in due time, by tho tiahhfer, there would of course, h. to the people of Canada to adopt as ; ground far c< inplaint ; but will any one remedy( 1 om was engaged in t.ae rein pietend to maintain that such injury will nuainoss then)—the national policy
1891: Canada::~Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English, French and Gar-man Worsteds, English Broad Cloth, Overcoats, Undercoats, Smocks, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Drawers, Waterproof Coats, Hats, Caps, Braces, Neckties, Shirting, Ticking, Duck, Halifax Tweed. Flannel Clothing
1891: Canada::~ought immediately bv every practical means	vnuutovs mkasvrks taki:n\	there are too many eons of  Itorn
1891: When war was declared Brock at once called out the flank comp mica of the militia. This produced a force on the Niagara frontier of 800 men, who turned out very cheerfully, and he calculated that all over the province the number would Amount to about 4,(XiO men. In tho districts originally settled by the U. E. Loyalists the Hank comp ly completed with VOil unanimous disposition to servo being manifested, and on these men General Brock seems to have depended to overawe the disaffected and to aid him m the field. In fact he said in answer to an address at Kingston that •• it was the confidence inspired by tho admirable conduct of the \ ork and Lincoln regiments of milita which had induced him to undertake the expedition which terminated in tho capture of Detroit”~ These men who were with him when lie died at Qucenston were the sons of the loyal veterans of the revolution. All along the St. Lawrence the same spirit was manifested, the men of Glengarry in particular performing at Chateauguay and in other fights the most brilliant service for Canada.
1891: Canada::~prorogation, the loyal party carried in this Richard Carrie, a London lovnship farms same House a most spirited and patriotic er, hanged himself in his barn, address to the people of Vppcr  In ; Argentine Cioveinnieut will i»v« this it is stated that the population is deter	f currcnUy l, ^ed on the silver
1891: worth while adding to the yearly output of On the 12th July General Hull invaded the establishment, with a view to reducing f amnia at Sandwich, and the militia m that as much as possible the general expenses, district behaved very ill. 1 hey seemed either which must of necessity fall heavily on a to lose hope or to be disallectcd, rive hunlimited production. Major Prévost’~s sug- died oi them, chiefly of those alien settlers, gestions near on a point quite distinct from gave in their adhesion to the enemy, and .any question of re-armament of the militia * party of (uncial Hulls cavalry, amount-with Martini-Henry rifles, which may or ing only to about f>0 men, led by a traitor may not be contemplated. His proposal is named Watson, a surveyor from Montreal, merely to supply a demand which can be were able to penetrate eastward as taras met hy manufacturing at Quebec what until , Westminster, about 110 miles cast of Sand-now has 1 ecu imported. He says that, if wich, a conclusive proof of the apathy, to made in Canada, it can be sold to the rifle sn>" the least, of tho settlers in that district, sasociations at a cheaper rate than the im 1 he \ ankec settlers in the Norfolk district ported Ammunition now v-Ms.	*d«o r«*tused to turn out.
1891: mpu worm «~i, LYNCH.omee i. Hpukano. Wash.. T T.H.; Toronto, restoring Loflr Ttoon Ottawa and Montreal, Canada and correcting ail
1891: fed that health ami sickness arc both good I Of the Lulwn Medical Company is now j in their time—~health as an enjoyment and | at Toronto, Canada, and may be con-1
1891: Canada::~Trunk and , Atlantic Railways, ]
1891: United States:Canada:~The Annual Convention of the National I Educational Association of tho  ! for the present year will be held at Toronto, | VZ , and as it will on this occasion be of
1891: Canada::~The season in which you are assembled States, and from an excessive develop-has opened auspiciously for the industries ment ol tjl0 National Policy. The nutur of our people. Let ns hope that their #1 answer from the government side was labors may be crowned with fruitful re that if, as alleged, wo were badly off, the turns from land and sea, and that the |Ullacva could not wholly bo free trade Owing to the 1 louse of Commons being great resources of  may continue | t|lti states, inasmuch as the individ without a speaker, the formal opening hy to reward the toil and enterprise of its u.d states across the line were worse oh the (iovvrnor tien vrai did not take place inhabitants.	|,y far than Ontario or Quebec. No
1891: ’i lie iu »i':ing lo in*8 «’i Wed nest lay wen-1 ‘ »~ovei nment of Canada to join m unking	sus, to argue	on r basis of cold fact.	The I	Umü	J-	LL1 lilkJll±±±£) f
1891: Canada::~The inauguration of the (list session of the seventh Parliament of  took
1891: tarai di.hict of the not tli t iding of the going ships engaged in the cattle tm.le .luhtcdnm., is on acre*, the balance being county of Renfrew, take the cha r of this increased safeguards for life and greater ibuisv as S;it aker. To those h-n. mem» restrictions against improper treatment, a betas who have sat in previous Parliaments 1 med not say one single word as t«> the merits of Mr. Peter White and Ins fitness tor this high ami important < Mice, not only with ivg.ud to dignity in manner, but i.e to impartiality and ability Whit3 has been in Parliament tor 14 ot 15 years, and fioin the time he first enter tJ it he Vu k a very c u.&ideiable position even when a young member. We all know tiio assiduity and ability with which he pet formed his part and hi»~ duty as a number t.f iliv II m e of Commons ot Canada ; always in his place and
1891: Canada::~ready for his wmk, and earning and en* necessary the laws in force iu  re joying frum an i itly period Vie respect specting our c« arts of maritime jurisdiv-and esteem, I may say the friendship of turn, and a measure w ill therefore be laid
1891: Canada::~20 to ! Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English, French and Ger-1.25 to ï.aôj man Worsteds, English Broad Cloth, Overcoats, Under-6.50 to r».751 coats, Smocks, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Drawers, Waterproof Coats, Hats, Caps, Braces, Neckties, Shirting, Ticking, Duck, Halifax Tweed. Flannel Clothing
1891: Canada::~The Premier of  Slowly
1891: Canada::~good paying job there, having charge of genius and agree that among '*
1891: CANADA::~BIG 8H0DT FOB .
1891: In 1879 she employed 23,102,AM tons of I if he were living in this 10th century, when «~hipping ip the coasting trade, and in the I so many suffer untold agonies from indiges transput t of her exports and imports by sea tion. Of course he would have gone on to j SOOTH I ml and on the great lakes ; in 181K) Canada in say that a man must l>e a fool not to take the same service employed 41,243,215 tone the '* something” which would nut an end to of shipping.	the 11 pangs and torments" spoken of, if he
1891: Canada::~In 1879  had 0,143 mile* of rail
1891: Canada::~wood, including sawn tomber, staves,	loving1!,carts send up the ory I Ottawa and Montreal. ,
1891: Canada::~time and of no benefit. The doctor says her &t Toronto, , and may be oon- Manufacturers of all kin Is Domestic Cigars, Mood has turned to wat« r, and that she is gulled either in person or by letter on all run down very low. After taking four boxes chronic diseases peculiar to man. Men, I Pink Pills she again writes I enclose hah young, old, or middle-aged, who find them-ance due on Pills. I am well satisfied with selves nervous, weak and exhausted, who and I must say that I have got every are broken down from exces or overwork, satisfaction that any person could ask. 1 resulting in many of the following symp-can recommend your Pink Pills to anyone toms: Mental depression, premature old that is out of health. The change in my age, loss of vitality, loss of memory, bad daughter's health and appearance is so won- dreams, dimness of sight, palpitation of the dertul that a great many persons are con- heart, emissions, lack of energy, pain in the tinually asking me for some of the medicine kidneys, headache, pimples on the face or that cured her, so I wish to take an agency jody, itching or peculiar sensation alwut the for the sale of your pills in this place.	scrotum, wasting of the organs, dizziness,
1891: CANADA::~WATEROUS ENGINE WORKS CO., BRANTFORD, .
1891: Canada::~ft [u.S. and . Address, If F. ItrsM Hsyat, l.D, lift*, N.T.
1891: Canada::~Toronto, Ont., and every druggist in  has it for sale.
1891: Canada::~this morning at 10.30, when Mr. Uol>e!t , hn Macdondd in the old parliament of McCreevy read his brothers private cor . He was at one time leader of reepondence,—some i> or 10 letters. At (llj ftou e ,Mrty in this province, ami ter the reading of thj letters,the commit- j,Jr- his political career held many tee sat for some time with closed doors,	inent Government positions, notably
1891: United States::, should contain any pro- k|ll Vthuud waî bestowed on him in 18”~* obliging Canada, directly or indi-1	*
1891: Canada::~Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English, French and German Worsteds, English Broad Cloth, Overcoats Undercoats, Smocks, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Drawers Waterproof Coats, Hats, Caps, Braces, Neckties Shirting, Ticking, Duck, Halifax Tweed. Flannel Clothing ° lower than heretofore offered.
1891: Canada::~and polished head of tho Liberal party, ancee that religious considerations never Hut as if to compensate for this un wanton entered into the calculations of the Con-harshness on the part of Mr. Laurier, a servative party, and their array of evi* transmigration of souls seemed to have dence against the Literal party and its taken place, and the cynical spirit of Sir anti Catholic bigotry in Prince Edward Richard entered the broad mind of the Island, under) Davies of Queen's, and of Within a week or so Canadians will be leader and seemed out of place in ite new the same party in Manitoba under the supplied with their sugar at 5 cents pvt abode, while the complimentary stylo of leadership of C.reenway, and of the same pound, and it will be refined in , the latter took possession of the knight party when inspired by Charlton and his That's Conservative policy. When Mr. from South Oxford and made him appear clique,—that party with liberality on their Laurier was last in power they were pay- completely out of his element. Once Des lips and fanaticism in their hearts, rvli ing from 9 to 12 cents per pound, and it raeli said hv had performed a miracle, for gious freedom in their harrangues and was refined in the Vnited States. That he drew forth tears from Pluto's eyes, ! dire hatred in their actions, svaa Liberal policy.	I meaning that he made Sir Robert Reel ap This famous motion came finally to a
1891: rpHE undersigned here gives notice that hit i. young blood stallion, •• Ivanhoe,” sired by Mr. Robt. Stewart's celebrated horse 41 •onla,’’~ whose record Is 2:22, (the fastest of any trotting hlallion In Canada) will stand for the service of mares at his own stable during the present season. Terms lor the season $.5 «>0. n ¦	¦ TRUMAN THOMAS.
1891: Canada::~grasping his smoking rifle, sent another Of t he Lubon Medical Company is now Many a once suffering consumptive has shot after the galloping mustang, and then Toronto, , and may be con- had reason to bless that, valuable prepar-s shaking himself clear of the grave earth suited either in person or by letter on all tion, T. A. SLOCUM’S OXYGENIZED sought the scalping knife at his belt	chronio diseases peculiar to man. Men, | EMULSION of PUKE COD LIVER OIL.
1891: « NVr.N I plo<» $10 or thousands. Bro-III W lew I HU, 10 per cent, upwards—to probable KW. Legitimate, conservative, no r* wild cat,” no gambling. Always safe, some rase-4 (i U A KANTKSI >. MI NI NU. Ileal Estate. Ivoans. Fields British Columbia, Washing ton. Missouri. Write, stating class inyost-ments preferred. Representing "West Kootenay,’ “ Silver Tip. ‘ “ Columbia*American, “Western Consolidated,” and “~North Western Development - Mining Companies. B.O., and Mar bio Cave. Missouri. Address, W. U. LYNCH,offices, Spokane, Wash., U.8.; Toronto, Ottawa and Montreal. Canada.
1891: Canada::~We want the name and addressed every sufferer in the U. S and . Address, P. Harold Hajwi, M.D, Buffalo, I T.
1891: Canada::~ment m  come down with such a I not become a failure, a by-word and a re sweeping reduction of taxation. Having preach.
1891: there wa. no essence of rhodymont.de, no | ^ / ti „„ were reduced one half, striving after effect, no seeking after per •~onal popularity. He had a plain story to tell, aud he told it in a plain way, but the result w as one of the most effective efforts ever made in the Parliament of Canada.
1891: Canada:Canada:~position of fresh taxation, but showing the power of the people to purchase; tu the establishment of steamship lines between Cxtiada and the West Indies, and Canada and China and Japan, opening up new avenues of trade and spreading w ide the lines i f uur commerce; to the fact that the people and the industrial interests of  had stood well the strain of the inevitable displacement of trade caused by the Me lx nley bill, aid had suffered tnuch lets than they had dared to anticipate ; to an equilibria n, for the tiist time in the history of the Dominion, between the total receipts and expenditure, including capital outlay . to all this, and much more could be said. Well might he say that in  we had a h'.ppy, united, progressive and right-minded|*oop!e, confident in their j*< sitiou and hopefully, j 8 cheerfully facing the fir lire ; an apprécia
1891: Canada::~Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English, French and German Worsteds, English Broad Cloth, Overcoats, Undercoats, Smocks, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Drawers, Waterproof Coats, Hats, Caps, Braces, Neckties, Shirting, Ticking, Duck, Halifax Tweed. Flannel Clothing
1891: Canada::~4. The effect that the enactment of a ' policy of his own. prohibitory liquor law in  would Mr. Foster calledattentionto thisommis-have in respect uf social conditions, agri- sion, “You haven't given us your own cultural, business, industrial and commer- opinion yet, j.e said, You areauegat-cial interests, of the revenue requirements ;vo.
1891: --------------------———~TIT fn; gooa ner annum, and bought 1,000 ! precious cargo which he took in charge. e(1 on the counter a tape line was brought i(jent l)f Canada about sixty-five years
1891: Canada::~Waterous Engine Wcrks Co., Brantiord, .
1891: Canada::~prosnred in , l\B. and Foreign Countrief.
1891: everybody that was on the list, nil ah '»~m which he professes fur Canada by en	A Kcw Tuberculosis Cure.	1 mtcml UOlIlg a Strictly Cash business Ollly No Credit 
1891: Canada::~Resolved that the date for holding the exhibition shall be changed from the 1st of October (as advertized ) that month to avoid interference with the 1 Htawa Central  Fair. The change of date shall be advertized in the Equity and Advance newspapers.
1891: Canada::~from  have increased 14 per cent good (dividends as well, though it passes 1 lence and of hellish depravity, in spite of ^ tw®n y-aeve“» a|‘i tlie other eight. Ablie | is generally the result of feeding and insuf-
1891: Canada::~interjects 1 remarks for the sake of brevity representatives of  were to be
1891: many other kinds of trees ; they talk of ">n and anti Americanism. The Liberals ,• hawUlle. the manufacturing of leather . v u need were so¦~confident of a victory, or at bast bark to tan hides : there is enough bark of so shaking the government that Its up there undeveloped to tan all the hides uiajonty would sink low in the teens, in Canada ; front North Ik,y to Mattawi. >ha‘ »>'«r aux,on, political friends of the all the way past Sudbury there ,s a rail- extreme type tilled the galleries and await way ; but the country is not encouraged ; e 1 B,e result. The result came the gov an individual told him about the great eminent wa« sustained by a solid major-emigration to the States the Frmchise : x.v of -i. This with Kingston, Richelieu act admits of the sec,et ballot : it is «* the Speaker a votes give a complete present a very unsatisfactory net ; he majority of twenty-nme ; and Tarte and
1891: Canada::~spends all the money he makes in  : *a™rd- w',r‘ dec’lned to/ot« e'1u ,ll>'
1891: Canada::~,ence ;  ,s going to the dogs ; PVty taking one, the government has an
1891: Mr. McKenzie : he stuck to Mr McKe - I •* "»¦ hi*l’Pf“ ,hat Wl|re the end of an-tie : proud of Mr. Blake; he stuck to Mr "ther year the present administration, de Blake ; proud of Mr Lsurier ; he sticks 6I»'« ad 'llr fiances the Opposition had to Mr. Laurier; he would rather be where 1 a,,d H,‘ ‘rdTorts they made, will stand he is than on the other side of the Home; I V -^^eiy as any government ever stood the Conservatives are disgraced forever ; ! ‘he day of Confederation. No mat-their contractors are corrupt : he won't ‘« how the pessimist, who strive by word speak any longer : he will close by feeling I alld If»» 1'""‘~ Canada ,n the very- black
1891: iMjMMhM———will go oh and on triumphantly to The Equity and its correspondent have I the final got! that is its destiny and the A great deal to answer for, if, through banner of the old Conservative party, in their constant reminding Mr.Murray and I *pite efforts to the cû~ntiary, will float belli* constituency, of his complete silence j aide that of Canada and the “~ Meteor flag and insignificance in the House; they sue- 0f England ” high over the ruins of their ceeded in spurring him on to making such | shattered unrestricted reciprocity.
1891: Canada::~Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English, French and German Worsteds, English Broad Cloth, Overcoats, Undercoats, Smocks, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Drawers, Waterproof Coats, Hats, Caps, Braces, Neckties, Shirting, Ticking, Duck, Halifax Tweed. Flannel Clothing
1891: Canada::~The wheel of time has again revolved and the people of  are invited once ayain to visit Toronto’s great Industrial Fair, which will l»e held this year from the 7th to 10th of Sept. Manv important alteration* and improvements rave been made in the buildings since Iasi year. The attractions on this occasion will be on a far more extensive and elaborate st ale than ever before.
1891: Canada::~There are two leading varieties of smut which affect wheat, in . I lie first, called hard smut, punt, stinking smut, and smut bulls, but commonly known as runt, affects the wheat kernel. The grains attacked are shorter and more swollen than those* not affected, and they are completely filled with minute round black spores. The second, known as smut, loos • smut or dust brand, but generally called smut, affects the whole ear, and destroys the repro luctive powers of tile grain. It pre -cure may he detected at a glance by the dark color of the affected heads. This variety of smut though more common than the former in Ontario is far loss injurious. It has no had odour, and, therefore, while it so far lessens the yield of crop, it docs not affect injuriously the portion of the same that lias properly matured. On the other hand runt has a very offensive smell, and an this is imparted to the whole of the crop it depreciates the same in value in proportion to the extent to which it is present.
1891: Canada::~Upper  < oliege
1891: We want the name and . «~1 dress of every sufferer :n lh< U. S. and Canada. Address
1891: Canada::~Waterous Engine Works Co.. Brantford. .
1891: Canada::~Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English, French and tier-man Worsteds, English Broad Cloth, Overcoats, Undercoats, Smocks, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Drawers, Waterproof Coats, Hats, Caps, Braces, Neckties, Shirting, Ticking, Duck, Halifax Tweed. Flannel Clothing
1891: Canada::~A large proportion of our villagers have gone to Ottawa this week to attend the Central  Fair, which promises to eclipse all previous exhibitions.
1891: Canada::~* through which he was conducted. On the whole, from what he had seen, the speaker said he had formed the most favorable impressions of . Mr. Flannigan spoke in the highest terms of the church decorations, comparing them to anything he had ever witnessed.
1891: Canada::~the people ofil.i1 ITiltiil state.'*. , nr-cording to them, cannot «ave lier-elf. Tin s tfety of thv staff, therefore, can only bo * •liberals out ofpoxxer In office.
1891: counted for by Mr. IXivin coining in and voting with the Opposition in contradiction to bis own words, bis vote on the minority report and his expressed principles. It cannot bo accounted for other wise than by attributing bis mistake to momentary excitement caused by the heat of the debate. The other four votes full oil' in consequence of Mr. McCarthy and Col. O’~Brien going in a brace upon t hoir own book. Thus ended the most memorable debate and important event that has occurred in all this most extraordiu session Canada baa ever known.
1891: iri’~EIC CANADA COLLEGE.
1891: Canada::~Reminiscences of Waterloo called up by rangement to go unchallenged is not for a take heart, for at the general office in Tor-the lowing away of one of the few survivors moment to be supposed. The Island Empire 0ntO| , can be seen the highest testi-len i interest to the fact that there is said to has too great a stake in that part of the monial* that be still living at Downhain, in Norfolk a hemisphere to calmly look on while her medicine.
1891: Canada::~dress of every sufferer in the V.S. and . Address, t. Harold lay*, M.D, Buffalo, I T.
1891: Canada::~Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English, French and German Worsteds, English Broad Cloth, Overcoats, Undercoats, Smocks, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Drawers, Waterproof Coats, Hats, Caps, Braces, Neckties, Shirting, Ticking, Duck, Halifax Tweed. Flannel Clothing
1891: Canada::~shows shield with the British srme, and the whole is surmounted with drajieiy in royal purple, fringed with silver. A pre-Thoro was but a mlUin like this has never before been offered by a newspaper in , and will doubt be eagerly sought after, as it will bo an ornament to a parlor table as well valuable souvenir of the old chieftain.
1891: Canada::~We want the name and address'd every suffer :r in the V. S. and . Address,
1891: Canada::~Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English. French and German Worsteds, English Broad Cloth, Overcoats, Undercoats, Smocks, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Drawers, Waterproof Coats, Hats, Caps, Braces, Neckties, Shirting, Ticking, Duck, Halifax Tweed. Flannel Clothing
1891: Canada::~art of the great dominion of  tho aw recognizes women’s right to self rule.
1891: Canada::~Knglneersall over . TltV IT
1891: iu ^necno^’~with All kinds of monuments and headstones Central Canada Fair this year. The! II Primer—~J. Ostrum 1st, L. Ostrum 2nd, matic communication from Russia states •pedal facilities frr accommodating the commercial manufactured at the Khawville Mai ble &	medal -which was awarded by Dr. Astley	w* ReU ,rd* , H Mo DO WELL	that over JO millions of human beings aro
1891: “~ How long I sat there I do not know, by careful washing in cold water ; when old ni versai y of his arrival in Canada, and his but I was suddenly aroused by finding that they are very hard to remove, but a trial of silver wedding day. The testimonial was my legs were firmly grasped by the quick- iodide of potassium in four times its weight signed by some thirty of the senior cm sand and that I was slowly but surely in water has been recommended. Another ployes,—[Toronto .Mail, Nov. lti th.
1891: Canada::~Wc want the name and ad-dressof every suffer ;r in the U. S. and . Address,
1891: Canada::~Scotch Tweeds,  Tweeds, English, French nml German Worsteds, English Eroad Cloth, Overcoats, Undercoats, Smocks, Pants, Vests, Shirts, Drawers, Waterproof Coats, Hats, Caps, Braces, Neckties, Shilling, Ticking, Duck, Halifax Tweed. Flannel Clothing
1891: Tin» cold bleak winds of the final day6 rational reason for any such gymnastic „nd it* development is but the wotk «» of NovcmWr cast »~ diurnal shadow ovoi eu-rci.e. I see hy the |>reas of Ottawa Kngliah, Switch Jruh and Pieneh unitti. the heautiful town of Aylmer l>y the Uke that Shawville hm recently Wen nine While Canada wishes to extend the hand Tho waters of the Ottawa looked under with the whole paraphernalia of a court; ,,f fellowship to the States, still she is thuir winter sheet of ice gave no longoi judges, lawyers, a it nesses, spectators and pmud of her own system and history an. f,.nil the placid plash of their waters, and ,»oUticiaiis. It must have created quite a W,H „ot sneak into the American Kepu > the feathery signs of an approaching snow rumpus in that unusually quiet little town. |jo; but safe under her British protect urn etoriu seemed to betoken the decision a I also read that the celebrated Murray eho will walk side by aide with her neig i bout ?<> be rendered on the motion made by c-iso will be concluded in Aylmer. I list bor, in kindness and friendship.
1891: nrivate details of the lives led by Dr. A times of the first settlers ; Aylmer yet re- it mnn \" he said, 64 l like that fellow LvotiandMr Edward Davis, the peti tains the ouiity buildings, including the d,apleau ; he has pluck ! He is a manj limiers. Mr. Murray, our representative prison. The only man that was ever ilü~ jvl8t fuels and speaks about Latinda as bv tho wav <>f Ontario, seemed to feel tin hanged in the united counties of Ottawa a thorough American would about the < M shadow of an approaching political and Pontiac was executed in Aylmer; all states! Canada ought to be proud of
1891: Canada::~ludkie Belaiwer proceeded t > di*p< se of outside of the county town, the log il c.*n- . importance here. And  #houhl bv the motion made at Shawville by pe- ! tre, the v/n/-licit of the district. If lain proud of the man who spoke as did t hap fitiotiors to exclude the evidence offered to judge from the evidence that could |t,aU| of the Government to which he he aeainst thtni pêraônally. He held that • have been brought, and which 1 suppose longs, of the patty that hesupports,.of the the motion hid been made in ;r per sea | the lawyers for the prosecution did bring, policy that is not begging, nor cringing,
1891: •on—~that it was well founded in law, 1 must certainly conclude that Mr. Mur but fhat makes Canada respected abroad that the testimony < ¦ fie red could in no ray will be unseat» d: hit as the case is now anj prosperous at home. 1 will now wsv alter the decision of the main ques before the courts end ns ho awaits Ins close this already too lengthy letter ; but lion whether Mr. Murray had by himself conviction or acquit al by a tribunal, it tet me ask the electors of Pontiac, for the
1891: Canada::~Section 12 of Chapter 9 of the Revised aw ait with expec'ancy the result ; fur to n,Rpect (,f  on this aide of the lines,
1891: Statutes, tioiutvd out in clear umnistake ! me it is of importance, since I have stnk honor of the men, and party and pol-able terms, h »~w such objections should | ed my reputation as a political prophet jcy thU are building up her future, for be raised. The Respondent had not ad upon the result. 1 several times pro the sake of her coming greatness, to have onted the course which the statute point phesied in your columns that before to share in the m b e work of securing ed out to him and, therefore, the motion Christmas Mr. Murray would bv unseated Ca|iada for Cansdims, and not m the nits should bv granted with costa.	and that if he ran again, and had only eraMe task of bartering Canada to tin
1891: Canada::~uidate ; 2nd. Having been found guilty tested election cases of . Moreso _a tru0 Canadian--a man who can he of by a Court of competent jurisdiction of because the Liberals are trying to make UB0 to the county!	^
1891: Canada::~Engineers all over .
1892: Ottawa. Jan. 4,-Thenew Banking act, which went into force lut July, require* Mr. Qladatone’~* eighty icoond birthday eyery chartered bank in Canada within
1892: The editor of the Boston Transcript leisurely ridicules the tone of the despatches going forth from Montreal and Ottawa as to the state of public feeling in Quebec over the dismissal of the Mercier ministry. He says ^Nobody expects a professional politician to be honest, and Mr. Merrier, the newly decapitated Ca>sar •~f Quebec, is a politician first and last, file knows nothing of principles. 11b is far too practical to be bothered with scruples which agitate amateur debating societies. He is quite capable of threat-aamg to plunge the whole of Canada into èhe horrors of a civil war, if he could serve Bis ambition in no other way, but in using each threats hie only real intention is to taflame the imaginations of his country so that he can pose as the redeemer of his race.”~ This is, in general, com sense, and although the Conservative press of Canada has to work against a strong influence in impressing the truth apon the outside world, there is no doubt that the truth will uutimately prevail.
1892: an ei-Minieter or the aon of an «~ Mini, or the Lnbon Medical Company 1. now ,t ter is deeply interested in this or some Toronto, Canada.and may now i>e nonsuited other stationery contracts. There is said SMîîL!? Person or by letter on all chronic
1892: “ïSoî~:, CANADA PERMANENT
1892: London, January 4th.—À~ deputation from the Southampton chamber of corn-to-day waited on Sir Charles Tup per, the Canadian High Commissioner to England, for the purpose of urging upon him the claims of Southampton to be the port of departure in England for the Ht earners of the proposed Anglo-Canadian mail service. After listening to the view s of the deputaton Sir Charles p consider their statements and argument. He said the proposed service would form alternate route to the far east in the event of any obstruction preventing the passage of steamers through the Suez canal. He added that the proposed service arose in consequence of the McKinley tariff in the United States, which had struck a serious blow at the trade of Canada. It bore, he said, especially hard on Canadian farmers.
1892: Canada::~Sir Charles was happy to say that the intention of the McKinley act to subor dinate  to the great Republic had
1892: United States:Canada:~not proved successful. It had tended to unite the communication between Great Britain, while the latter country afforded equally as good a market for the Canadian C .uds excluded from the  He added that he bad found that Great Britain and the Dominion felt that the time had arrived when they should not depend upon a foreign port for their mail. They could send passengers and mails to the far east by way of 
1892: Canada::~civilization occurs among the Maoris of , was a very easy insect to keep in , *re the young boys of the village sally forth | ^ astray at night because she is so	1
1892: Canada::~specially for the benefit of the far*  ; that remedies were known
1892: Canada::~in  they will Imvu to locate it out side the diocese of Three Hivers. Mgr Lull echo would scarcely join in their prayers. Hear him: “ Should we condone the acts of which Mr. Mercier has been found guilty and return him to power ? This is a question which any honest man can answer without dilliculty. We certainly aro not in conscience permitted to vote for Mercier and his supporters. We s|»eak to Christian men and women who must know that it is not permitted to approve <»f and render legitimate WTougdo All kinds of monuments and headstones I ing. The ordinary thief runs away, the manufactured at the Hhawfille Marble à thieves under discussion (Mercier Co )
1892: Canada::~Judges in criminal trials in Austria have perogatives and customs unknown in . The presiding Judge in the Schneider trial ridiculed Schneider's statement, as he ridiculed the wife’s statement that her huslumd strangled Kleinrath without help >om her.
1892: Canada::~^[C^New York Sun says that a farmer entered a telegraph-office in central New York, and sent this message to a woman in .
1892: Canada::~many distinguished brethran throughout tions of the council, in reference to thci . The Grand Master will on this (,uestion of relieving the county cf the occAHïon deUver his interesting lecture en- burden now pressing so heavily upon it ‘~ titled One Hundred \ vais of the ( raft an<| slso to consider the question of grant-in Canada Brethren who intend to be ing a further extension of time to the R present will kindly notify the undersign- p j. Uy. company to complete the road
1892: Canada::~Ashland, Wis., recently. He had accu- hyterian union in . In MU, m mulated considerable property since loca- the general assembly of the Presbyterian ting in the West, the whole of whic . he ehuyeh in connection with the Church left to his sister.	of Scotland he proposed a union resolu-
1892: and will prove a valuable acquuit.on to	i„~ Canada. He had been cho- that it be read thiaday eix month..
1892: T>ARR18TKK8, SOLICITOR». CONVEY--M9 sneers, Supreme Court Agent*, Ac. O'-flo*—~Carleton Chambers, 74 Sparks St., Ottawa Canada. Money to loan.
1892: Germany:Canada:~That was an excellent piece of advice Sir John Thompson gave to Dr. Lander kin in the House the other day. What de we see around us ? We see anarchism in France, lynch law in the United States, famine in Russia, Austria and India, labor troubles in England and Australia, war clouds over  and Turkey, civil war playing havoc in the republics of Latin America ; in short, spring eruptions break iug out almost everywhere, except under the strong and healthy constitution of this  of ours. Why don't the pessi-roests read the papers.
1892: Toronto, April 3rd —~Negotiations were successfully consummated in Toronto Saturday afternoon for the purchase of all the cotton mills of the Dominion by the wealthy syndicate from Montreal. The consolidated business, which will he the largest commercial concern of its kind in the Dominion, will in future be known a% the 44 Canada Coloured Cotton Mills Co." and will embrace the mills hitherto known as the Ontario, Dundas, Mernton, Lyb-I sier, Kenredy ( Cornwall,) Stormont and - St. Croix (New Brunsw ick)—separate and distinct businesses which now come under A deputation or THE MINING ASSOCIATION , the personal and immediate control of Mr.
1892: ¦’•ml your address and free trial bottle, du. i aft nrtos., HOOHKHTEK, N Y., Canadian Dept L -18Ü~ Adelaide HL W. Toronto. Canada.
1892: Canada::~89 King Street West, Toronto, .
1892: CANADA::~BRANTFORD  o
1892: Canada::~Of the Lu bon Medical Company le now at Toronto, ,and may now be consulted either In perion or by letter on all chronic disease* peculiar to mao. Men, young, old, or middle-aged, who And themselves weak, nervous ànd exhausted, who are broken down from excess or overwork, resulting In many of the following symptoms: Mental depression, premature old age, loss of vital tlv. loss of memory, bad dreams, dimness of Might, palpitation of the heart, emissions, lark of energy, pain In the kidneys,headachy pimples on the face or body, Hch%,g or culler sensation about the Svrotura, wasting of the organe, Cisiinese, specks before the eyes, twitching of the muscles, eyelIda and elsewhere, bashfulneme. deposits In the urine, loss of will power, tenderness of the scalp and spine, weak and flabby muscles, desire to sleep, failure lobe rested by sleep, constipation, dullness of hearing, loss of voice, desire for solitude, excitability of temper, sunken eyes surrounded with lbaden circle oily looking skin, etc., are all symptoms of nerv-debility that lead to Insanity and death unless cured. The spring or vital force having lost Us tension every function wanes In consequence. Those who through abuse committed In Ignorance may be permanently cured. 6en<f your address for book on all diseases peculiar to man. Books sent free Mi sled. Heart disease, the symptoms of wklch arc faint spells, purple lips, numbness, palpitation , skip beats, hot flushes, rush of blood to the head, dull pain In the heart with beats strong, rapid and Irregular, the second heart bi-at quicker than the first, pain about the breast bone, etc , can positively be cured. No cure, no pay. Bend for book. Address M V. LU BON. 84 Macdonell Ave. Toronto OnL
1892: Canada::~Hon. Mr. Bowell treated the subject in a very practical manner. After recess, the following private bills were read a third time and passed : An pecting the Grand Trunk Co. of  ; the Nicola Valley Railway Co.; Nipisaing and James Bay Railway Co.; Manitoba and South Eastern railway Co. ; Belleville and Lake Nipissing Railway Co.; and an Act to amend the Act to incorporate the Lindsay, Bobcayegon and Pontypool Railway Co.
1892: Canada::~and pointed up in Swiss fashion in the hack,	John Macdonald, then Premier of ,
1892: ¦	¦~ Mr. Skinner held that although Canada T ?	h'!	8	of
1892: Canada::~We are tho leading firm in , other firm can compete with us, every Limb warranted for Comfort, Finish and Efficiency, equal to the best In tho world.
1892: Canada::~Solo Agent for , FK AMt WILSO.V, Produce Hr reliant, 33 Prier M., Montreal.
1892: Canada::~consistency and the yolk not hard and dry. They afford the safest and most profitable Sashes will be much worn this season by investment in . The first issue of stock
1892: Canada::~elusion. Hon. M. Tail Ion, as leader of perties, and from the  Brick and the civil service. There must bo a radi- HUHlUfftCtUrerS Will DO found
1892: mandera of the Most Distinguished 1er of St. Michael and St. George, H it j .1 C. Abbott, Prime Minister ot Chinai’ i. .J the Hon. Oliver M »wat, Premier •~ f On taiio ; Knight iitchelor, Hon. Alexa jer Lacoste, Chief du it ice of Quebec , Can nion of the Order of St, Michael awl . Ge >rge, Dr. George M. Dr woo , of the Geological Survey of Canada.
1892: Canada:Canada:~A despatch from Ottawa, dated May, says : It will bo learned with faction by everyone, and espaciUl those interested in the trade La Canada and Newfoundland, that tho ht tie differences of opinion which have, un fortunately, existed between the countries for some time past have arranged- at least for the preset.' that there is a fair prospect of th : ing removed altogether. His Esc received an official intimation frua Governor cf Newfoundland that th eminent of that colony had decided t cept the offer made by the Canadi i rh?i ernment some time ago of a reti the present season, to the status 1889 before the present difficulty over the Bond Blaine convention. This acceptance is made by the Newfoundland Government with a view to a con" being held for the purpose, if possi arriving at a permanent settlement present difficulties. The Canadi-i. ernment at once advised HU E::e to reply, expressing the greatest p at the friendly action of the Xev. land Government and assuring them that immediate steps would be token to have Newfoundland products placed old footing in . For the present season at least, therefore, Canadian flour and other prod nets will be admitted to Newfoundland were prior to the enactment of the ruceiu hostile legislation, and Canadian fishermen will again be able to obtain bait. Or the other hand, Newfoundland fish and fish products will be admitted free tv  as they used to be.
1892: Canada::~bbott is to be congratulated on this satisfactory advancement towards the amicable solution of what threatened t> become a very serious and coinj Hinted trade question; and this result is undoubtedly due, in a very large measure, to the firm but gentle manner in which he hat treated the subject since his assumption of office. While stmn position of  he careful to say no word and commit no act which would offend Newfoundland and add to the irritation the Government of the island felt at the non ratification ol the Bond Blaine convention; and the Government of Newfoundland itself may in the future have cause to thank Mr. Abbott for his cool judgment and the calmly dignified manner in which he has treated this matter, and the courtesy with which he has constantly held out the olive branch of peace to our sister colony. Thanks are also, no doubt, due to the Imperial Gov. ernment for kindly offices of mediation and for the steady manner in which it has maintained the principle that one colony could not be allowed to discriminate against another. It is to be earnestly hoped that ere the present senn m clofei a conference will have settled a!I difficulties and have laid the foundation for the complete and lasting restoration of those feelings of cordial friendship and amity which have so long existed between the two colonies.
1892: Canada::~[ Sir Alexander Campbell, K.C.M.O., Q.O., P C , was a son of Dr. James Campbell, and was born in Yorkshire, Eng., the 9th of March, 1822. He was educated at Lachine, the College of St. Hyacinthe and at Kingston. He married, in 1855, Georg-Frederica Locke, daughter of Mr. Thomas Sandwith, of Beverly, Yorkshire. He waa called to the Bar of Upper  in 1843, and in 1856 was appointed Q.C. In 1860 he was named dean of the faculty of law in Queen’~s college, Kingston. In 1858 he waa chosen a member of the Legislative Council of Canada (then elective body) ; in 1862 he was elected its Speaker ; in 1864 he was called to the ministry and given the portfolio of Crown Lands. He was a member of the Quebec conference, which laid the foundation of
1892: Canada:Canada:~called to the Senate by Royal proclamation on the 1st of July, 1807, and the day sworn in the Privy council of  and appointed postmaster-general. In 1873 he took the portfolio of minister of the Interior, resigning in November of that year with the rest of the cabinet. From 1873 till 1878 he led the Oygosition majority in the Senate in a manner that increased the respect in which he was held by political opponent as by political friend. On the return to power of Sir John Macdonald, Nov. 8, 1878, he was appointed receiver general ; on May 20, 1879, he took his old portfolio as postmaster-general ; January 16, 1880, he was appointed minister of Militia ; on Novem ember 8, he again went back to the post office department. He was minister of Justice from 20th May, 1881, to 25th September, 1885, during which time he acted at chairman of the commission for the consolidation of the statutes. From the latter date until February, 1887, he was once more postmaster general He created a K.C.M.G. on the 24th of May, 1879. He was appointed lieutenant-gov-of Ontario on the 1st of June, 1887, office he filled with the ability that characterized his work in- other positions. In 1887 he attended the Imperial Federation conference at London as a representative of . In 1864, during one of the frequent ministerial crises that preceded confederation, he was invited by the Governor General to form a ministry, but declined, the task being tindertaken by Messrs. Tache and Macdonald.]
1892: T> ARR18TER9, SOLICITORS, CONVEY-aacers, Supreme Court Agents, Ac. Office—~Carloton Chambers. 74 Sparks Ht., Ottawa Canada. Money to loan.
1892: showing a very large line of mens and priceg from the Anglo-American Art Asso. boys’~felt and fur hate in all the latest. | elation, No. 9 Ground Floor, "Canada Life
1892: fl CALDWELL, Proprietor, Main street, Shaw- 11 «~ reported that Mr. G. J. r ulford, ever constructed in Canada may be seen vs ville, Que. The travelling public win find this of Brockville, the well-known patent-med- aDy day lying upon an old scow at the vil-
1892: Canada::~Oee of the oldest and largest business col- to be applied to the formation of the mi- of encouraging people to travel by the isges is . Established 1866. Spécial attention | cleus of a library for the club. An exten food, it will drive them away, and we
1892: Liver and Bowels, cleanses the sys- nv«~-stm<mtin canada. Theiir«t iyu, of-tode
1892: Canada::~We manufacture the gOftTCONPIETE line of PI IIPH and WINDMILL* both for pumping Water and driving Machinery, of any firm in . It will pay you to send for large illustrated catalogue before purchasing else where. OVTiKia PI HP t o., LTD, Toronto tint. Mention this paper.
1892: Canada::~Sole Agent for , FRANK WIUIBN, rroilurc Merclannl. SI Peler BL. Montreal.
1892: In the latest census bulletin we find an exact presentation of the f»»~ct8 of racial dedepths of its editorial rubbish-hole re- velopuicut in Canada.
1892: Canada::~in . Now they are but 29 per cent, The population figures are •
1892: Canada::~Of the Lu bon Medical Company Is now at Toronto, , end may now be consulted cither In person or uy letter on all chronic disease* peculiar to man. Men .young, old, or middle-aged, who find themselves weak, nervous And exhausted, who are. broken down from excess or overwork, restating In many of the following symptoms: Mental depression, premature old age, loss of vitality, losa of memory, bad dreams, dimness of sight, palpitation of the heart, emissions, lack of energy, pain In the kidneys,headache, pimples on the face or body. Itching or peculiar sensation about the scrotum, wasting of the organs, dizziness, specks before the eves, twitching of the muscles,eyelids and elsewhere, baahfUlnesa.deposits In the urine, loss of will power, tenderness of the scalp and nine, weak and flabby muscles, desire to sleep, failure to he rested by sleep,constipa-t Ion, dullness of hearing, loss of voice, desire for solitude, excitability of temper, sunken eyes surrounded with leaden circle oily looking skin, etc., are all symptoms of nervous debility that lead to Insanity and death unless cured. The spring or vital force having lost its tension every function wanes In sequence. Those who through abuse committed In Ignorance may he permanently 8end your address fo«- book on all i peculiar to man. Books sent free Heart disease, the symptom# of which are faint spells, purple lips, numbness, palpitation .skip boats, hot flushes, rush of blood to the head.'Inll pain In the heart with beats strong, rapid and Irregular, the second heart 1m at quicker thnn the first, pain about the-breast hone, etc , can positively he cured No cure, no pay. Send for book. Address M.V. LUB0N,'J4 Macdonell Avo Toronto Out.
1892: Canada::~Sole Agent for . FRAXM WIIM1* Produce Merchant. 33 Peter 8t, Montreal.
1892: Canada::~They afford the safest and most profitable n vestment in . The first issue of stock places investors on the ground floor and is nearly all Ukcn up. The second issue will be ‘25 per cent to 60 per cent higher. Then its advancement will be rapid owing to greater development work. Now is the opportunity. Don’t let it slip. It is not often investors have such a chance as this. Call at office, Boa of Trade Building, Toronto.
1892: Canada:Canada:~built as above suggested would be of much more value to the  Atlantic railway as it would be in a direct line to the Soo, and if a lake port was required one could be obtained at the mouth of the French river which would be much better than that of Parry Sound. With a through all rail line to the Soo and a lake and rail line from some point at or near French river the  Atlantic railway would become the most complete railway property in the Dominion
1892: T) ARR1STKR8, SOLICITORS. CONVEY--D ancers. Supreme Court Agents, Ac. Office—~Carleton Chambers, 74 Sparks St., Ottawa Canada. Money to loan.
1892: Canada::~Probably the biggest convention of life year will be held in Toronto on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th of October. It will be the celebration of centenary of the advent in  of the Order of Ancient, Free and Accepted Masons. It is expected that not less than 45,000 Masons will assemble in that city.
1892: Canada::~44 We have commenced work on tho road, which will run from a point on our main line near Renfrew to Egan ville, with the intention of completing it at once to a point 30 miles west of Eganvilie. Tho  Atlantic company have In view the construction of a line in this same direction, which would involve a parallel line to our existing line from Ottawa to Renfrew. We are not disposed to permit that kind of thing to become popular, our object being to keep ahead of any other company which may attempt to build in that direction.'’
1892: Canada::~Of the Lobon Medical Company Is now at Toronto, ,and may now be consulted either In person oroy letter on all chronic diseases peculiar to man. Men, young, old, or middle-aged, who find themselves weak, nervous And exhausted, who aro broken down from excess or overwork, resulting in many of the following symptoms : MenUXt depression, premature old age, loss of vttBill v, loss of memory, bad dreams, dimness ot Riiht, palpitation of the heart, emissions, lack of energy, pain In the kidney a,headache, pimples on the face or body, Itching or peculiar sensation abont the scrotum, wasting of the organs, dizziness, specks be torn tho eves, twitching of the muscles, eyelids and elsewhere, bash fulness, deposit» in the urine, loss of willpower, tenderness of the scalp and spine, weak and flabby muscles, desire to sleep, failure to be rested by sleep,const;patio.»; dullness of hearing, loss of voice, desire for solitude, excitability of temper, sunken, eyes surrounded with leaden circle oily looking skin, etc., are all symptoms of «èrv-ont debility that lead to Insanity and death unless cured. The spring or vital force bavin* lo-t Its tension every function wnnen in I sequence. Those who through abase com • milted In Ignorance may be permanently mrod. Send your address for hook on alV diseases peculiar to man. Books sent wffF.e scaled. Heart disease, f he symptoms of which are faint spoils. ptirnUUIos, numbneas, palpi tat io«. .skip beats, hoi flushes, ru.ih of l»,ood to the heid. dull pain In tbe heart with beat*
1892: Ono Of the oldest sod largest biisin*«~i col- it to be erected in /iinprior. 1 he person Miss Maggie Brownlee who has been on-leges in Canada. Establish*-'i ihw. 8p.< isistieDtioi; who started the rumor might just as well gaged in the millinery business in Ottawa M	Tî	have	set afloat a bigger one while he was for some time arrived home on Saturday
1892: Canada::~more campaign material of the blustering Duties to commence the 15th August, kind, has insisted that  has been Apply, stating salary, t<> ^ HEaM xn
1892: Canada::~Mr. Andrew Carnegie, the philanthro- |  from encouraging the export trade
1892: Canada::~This was the answer which  made to the assertions and claims of the
1892: - ____________ . V“£~i i* of It (tie moment whether Canada has
1892: "8- The privilege of p« liege through the heveUielr(MrUcîowd.’sndtheré ““““~feir Canada Canals.	in the world of our vessels being excluded
1892: Canada::~44 Britain or the Dominion of  not I t  ____ Bl
1892: “~ The Government of Her Britannic Majesty engages to urge upon the Government of the Dominion of Canada to secure to the citizens of the United States the use of the Welland, St. Lawrence and other canals In the Dominion on terms of equality with the Inhabitants’©~ f the Dominion ; and the Government of the United States engages subjects of Her Britannic Majesty Joy the use of the St. Clair Flats canal on terms of equality with the Inhabitants of the United States, and further engages to urge upon the State Governments to secure to the subjects of Her Britannic Majesty the use of the several canals connected with thenavlKH lion of the lakes or rivers traversed by. or contiguous to the boundary line between the possessions of the HW»~ Contracting on terms of equality with the lnhab the United States.”
1892: •~'il CENTRAL CANADA I Buggies
1892: Upon the whole question of canals we have been generous. The protocols of the •~Commission show that this interchange of privileges upon Canadian and American waterways was debated at length. The Americans, not content with getting the use of our canals as they then stood, urged that Canada should promise to enlarge the 8t. Lawrence and Wetland canal*.
1892: Canada::~Central  Fair.
1892: Canada::~The Central  Exhibition Association at Ottawa are pressing forward to. , wards the front rank with their fair. The Toronto, July 28.—The Arms Publish • e ^ -B ftgain to hand amongst the
1892: Canada::~cs a story to the effect that Sir Oliver | earliest. The Ottawa Fair has the advan-Mow at will bo called to the leadership of of thAt energetic and advanced menthe Liberal party in  in place of Bgemen^ ^hat is the more successful the Mr. Laurier. It gives tho statement ut stronger the competition. The prise list one whom it describes as one of the best jg wej] arrange(i and tho premiums ample, informed politician in the city. He 8A^8 The numerous changes in the several that Sir Oliver Mowat gained much popu- c]a8Be8 have been made carefully and in larity lately by his vigorous stand tor ^ i^bt of experience, and will be found British connection and that he will con- ^ more than ever satisfactory toexhib-duct the cam pain on the policy of free Jtora.
1892: Canada::~O NEARA Mr. A MViii-" cal Tear Book of  for 1891, a work Buckwheat 100,000	“	exception of	Chips. ping thus early they gain the advantage of
1892: Canada::~Advertising rates made known on applies-(the Central  Exhibition
1892: Canada::~Some people are talking of the probability of lion. Edward Blake re enteiiog publie life in , as the leader of the Liberal party.
1892: Canada::~The treat event in Exhibitions in  is the Toronto Industrial Fair, which opens year Sept. 5th and close# Sept. 17 th. It will be specially interesting on account both of the Urge and comprehensive prize list and because of the special attractions to be offered. So great has been the demand for space in past years and to such large proportions hat the Fair grown, that more space became a necessity, and after repeated efforts the directors have secured additional accommodation on the Garrison Commons. A large new giand stand and a new speeding ring will be ready by opening day. The plan for the stand shows a design of the most complete character, with offices and side rooms to meet the convenience and comfort of all who may be engaged in the ring, or who may wish to remain as spectators of the speeding and other attractive events. Every farmer in the province ought to see this Fair. The special attractions tills year are very numerous and are much superior to previous years. Cheap fares will prevail on all railways.
1892: Canada::~If perance Street. Toronto. , to Principal, A. 8*lth, F.R.C.V.8.
1892: Canada::~canals and toll discrimination, it appears to mo that the Government and the people of this province, and especially the city of Montreal and Quebec, are wot giving suttioient consideration to the most feasible and purely natural way to forever solve all international difficulties in this question, so far as  is concerned.
1892: Canada::~people in the vieinity knew immediately or the Luboo Medical Company i, now at t hat an accident had happened. The day Toronto, ,and may now be consulted • shift comprised 150 men, and their rela- either In person or by letter on all chronic
1892: Canada::~1 f parante Street, Toronto. . Apply to Principal, A. S . ltl», E.K.C.V.8. __
1892: Canada::~(Vaunted in  and U. S.)
1892: Canada::~The North American l mon League 1ms Montreal. The contract was entered int been formed in Boston to bring about the between the St. Jean Baptiste society annexation of  to the t mted ! aad Brault by which the latter secured States. 1 lie promoters are to no congiat- the whole profits, out of which he agreed elated on their choice of headquarters. to w thc aooiety $5,000 a year for 6 years They will be in the midst of a population and £10t000 for the other five years." The favorable to the idea. I p in L.tiiad.i hero rvau]t wa3 Hiat while the society got SÔ,. it would 1 v uillevvnt.	! (X)0 a year, Brault realized a profit of from
1892: Canada::~comes ever here with brains amounting to positive genius ; helps to build up the country with all his heart and strength ; takes no stock in Unrestricted Reciprocity ; believes firmly in the present and future of , and loyally takes the oath of allegiance to Her Mu iesty the Queen, is cordially welcome. We can take several of him.—Empire.
1892: T) ARR18TERS. SOLICITORS, CONVEY-ÏJ aacers. rtupreme Court Agents, Ac. O -See—~Carleton Chambers, 74 Sparks Hi., Ot-Sawa Canada. Money to loan.
1892: Canada::~the protest against him	will	now he tried	a|mogt M cheaply as we in  could
1892: Canada::~Hon. John Haggart continues to make timber trade between Britain and  progress towards placing the Intercolonial has been dwindling. British buyers will railway on a paying footing. Having dis- now only take the very finest quality for
1892: England:Canada:~Dr. Thom. Neill Cream, who has been tried and found guilty of poisoning several young ladies in , and has been sentenced to hang on the 8th. Nov., has confessed that from 1874 to 1887, when he was arrested in Chicago, he made a practice of poisoning dissolute girls in .
1892: Canada::~11 PATENT MEDICINES at WHOLESALE PRICES .'5 per cent. dhcount all lending medicines. Kent by nmll to nny address in . Pills and Wafers sent post nsid. Williams' Pink Pills Wk ; Carter’s Little Liver Pills 18o; Pennyroyal Wefers 75c, and
1892: Canada:England:~It still cl mgs to the birch shot woods of , New  and the middle states. It lives further north than the quail, and you will find it scattered pretty much all over Michigan and Wisconsin, * There are a few of these birds in the groves and woods of Illinois, and they are more abundant in the scrub-oak country of northern Indiana, Usually there are not very many ruffed grouse in any one locality. But then a few good healthy ones will go a long way toward affording shooting for a whole community. One wise old cock grouse would he the best thing 1 <*>uld think of to put in a crame preserve. It would be about as useful and obliging as the stuffed chamois of the Swiss inn-keeper, only in s different sort of way. There are many ways in which a cock grouse is not like a stufitd chamois» 5 m % Â : i&
1892: Canada::~laws . Money to loan. „ ’ illness of ten days. Dr. Klock pronounc Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Somerville of tried to have a law passed to*this effect, in Winnipeg
1892: JAS. HOPE & Co.	, Th®~ olde.t womat.rn Canada ta M,d to weck. They left for home on TueadajT
1892: three millions of dollars represents the I The following letter was recently sent growth of the shipments of agricultural to the Toronto Globe by a western firm of products. The McKinley tariff did every- millers “~We are frequently asked by thing that was not expected of it. It po- farmers how it is that wheat on all the hhcaMy killed its authors m the United United States markets is from five cents States, and failed to kill the commerce it was aimed at in Canada.
1892: Canada::~to ten cents per bushel higher than in . We are unable to give them an intelligent reply. We both sell on equal Messrs. Donald McMaster, Q. C. and footing in Europe, and we would feel J. N. Oreenshields, Q. C. having been obliged if you will explain the difference asked to give their opinions by the retail *n price."
1892: The London Chronicle says : “~In point of ability Sir John Thompson is beyond question the natural successor to the Premiership of Canada. He has shown him-	BEI
1892: Canada::~and suffering. About twenty-eight years mg change. ** The reporter further learned well walled, the remaining fortv-feet having of Complete steam Launches from 20x1 to .11x7 ago I came to  and am known around that the Pink Pills were kept for sale by been drilled. At twenty feet from the sur- “Acme Coal-oil tioihn tod Engin*»” from the country here for miles. Until twelve Mr. Mills, and that the demand for them face there entera » crevice out ot which "Th@ Marsh Steam Pump” the beat boiler years sgo 1 could sit on a chair when placed vas large and increasing. The represent*- | there is a constant rush ot freezing air. inis feeder in the market. Returns exhaust into on it, and manage to move myself around a live of The Post conversed with many j stream of cold air is so strong as to be easily feed water heating it front 4J to tOdoç
1892: Canada::~of Band Instruments. The largest stock In  to choose from.
1893: floe—~Carleton Chambers. 74 Sparks SU, Ot-1 dral at Pembroke tawa Canada. Money to loan.
1893: Canada::~of Band Instruments. The largest stock I#  to choose from. *	„
1893: Canada::~This is the sort of country to which certain curious characters in  want to annex the Dominion.
1893: Canada::~plead the case of the parishioners of St. Hyacinthe against Bishop Moreau before the propaganda and will then proceed to London to argue certain cases before the Privy Council Owing to Mr. Mercier# unexpected departure hie speech on the future of , which was to have been delivered on New Year’s day, will not be delivered until after hie return from Europe in about two months time.
1893: canada::~2nd Arithmetic, Ella Craig lot, Peter 1 1INJAion will hurt  before hb McCann 2nd, Wellington Draper3 rd.
1893: Canada::~clesiastical province of .	We wonder if the young man who stay-
1893: TIARRISTKRb, HOLIUITOim. CONVKY-13 HHPers. Huprcme Court Agent*, Ac. «~ -See-Carlemn Chamhcr*, 74 Sparks Ht., ottawa Canada. Money to loan.
1893: Canada::~mont <-(  opened on Thursday U»t . .Volition of the Legielitiw Conn with the u-udoerem-wiv.. An minionne ei, w„ dllcuMyd lv(iu> Hl con.idersl.le
1893: Canada::~criticised: if he absents himself from the year unfolds with regard to .	make all non appeal cases against mumci |
1893: CANADA::~TORONTO, .
1893: “The Food Producing Resources of Canada”~ is the subject upon which Professor Robertson, Dairy Commissioner for the Dominion of Canada, addressed a large assembly interested ill the provision trade at the Home and Foreign Produce Exchange England, recently.
1893: all farming was to create wealth in food and 1*46 3,343. They held 3,1*20 acres under clothing. Wheat, cheese, bacon, butter, cultivation. Theircrop, were 4,269 bushels fruits, tea, cotton, wool, and even silk, of grain and 1,300 to;is of hay The fish were all products of some farmer’s toil and Uken by them were valued at $18,600 and skill. If these could be multiplied in quant- furs at $o,205, and their revenue from other ity and increased in value, every hand- sources was $.),8.»~0. The charter under 1er of the same, every business man, would 1 which the Canadian Indians claim their have a better ohanoe to enlarge his transac- rights is the roya proclamation of King lions and to increase his profits. Canada -«orge III. in 1843, after the treaty of was large, and it had vast areas of arable and *ris. Their lan<ls wen* only to be aliénât-pasture land, which ware not yet occupied. ®~d && public meetings presided over by the By-and by, when England sent more of her governor or his deputy. Care and control good men to them, they will fill up the great over them »• ««roaed by the Dominion expanse of fertile soil, and send food over Government. The Algonquins of the Huron in vastly greater quantities, receiving cloth-1 and Georgian bay are divided into 15 bands,
1893: «~da of manufacturing chec.e and butter. "Mack B'rd, figured at the taking o The products from them were shipped to fort Dearborn in IK12 and in the defence of these market#, mainly through Liverpool, Macinac from American attack in 1814. Hi# to gain information from close market con-1 *on Francis was, in 1840, when a lad, tact how to meet the preferences and brought to Upper Canada College, where he prejudices of British merchants and con- developed good scholar y powers, and at-sumers. Through these they were trying ‘»™ed high places m his classes. He be to help farmers by showing them how to came Indian interpreter to the department, seek the market, how to suit it, and how to »“d in 1858 ond 1858 read several learned keep it for their own goods. The British P»Pera before the Canadian Institute as to farmers had least causs to fear the com- Indian history and costumes. He unfor-petition of Canadian food products, A tunately died'in 1861. The essayist then fancy Canadian cheese, which, pound for | discussed the “ Manaboyh a pound, wan equal to the finest EnglishChed- showed that these, as found in various forms dar, tended to create a more general and «"long our Algonquins, are the substance active demand for good cheese. It was the the “Song of Hiawatha,” which latter inferior qualities of perishable food products name is the Onondaga or Iroquois name for
1893: Canada::~all food product! which were sent from MC-riued, relate quite as much to the Algon- hvmg stream. Many active, earnest men The legion was formed by Romulus B. C.  Of the £13,000,0(H) worth of cattle <luin» ofour north 8,|ore. The essayist jon- *nd women in their eagerness to serve and 720. It originally consisted of 3,000 foot
1893: Canada:England:~Mr. W. Marklesin supporting the resolution remarked that the Canadian cheese did not very muoh commend itself in the districts that Liverpool immediately supplied. Although they did a large trade now in Canadian cheese, they might do more if  would adopt a class of soft cheese more suitable to their requirement. He also made suggestions in regard to the packing of Canadian butter imported into .
1893: Mr B. (iranahan remarked that if the Canadian Government would only allow English manufactured articles to ç~o inu Canada free, then they might, as KngljÆ men, guarantee to form a league nothing but Canadian produce.
1893: Canada::~Professor Robertson, iu reply, hi IB he thought that they in  /
1893: Canada::~tawa .. Money to loan.	every weakly peuon to use Hit» valuable and
1893: Canada::~Quo of the obtest and largest business cob egea in . Established 1860. Special attention ,	.	----
1893: Canada::~British exports to , according to the Old Country returns, have been go n steadily up these last three yv.ua ns 18W), T7.2JtUW ; IS'.H, 1'7,2-W, U, £7,417,OK). That is an ans itics wl
1893: Canada:United States:~Will l)e sent to any address in  or the  during tho present Session of
1893: Canada::~Mr. Casgruin produced a statement of j ners. Over $10,00) distributed during the past the money a paid out of the $28,000 a 11 two years. Address.* The Ladl as Home Mag-produced at tho R'iyal commission, and azine. Peterborough, .
1893: until I was, as you remember, a mere we have heard of its beauties ; indeed, Mr. , Europe consumes upward of 824,000,000 shadow of my former self, and everybody rarr claims it is superior to the Saguenay worth of gold and silver annually for plate that saw ire thought I was dying of con- for the boldness of its cliffs and the wild jewelry end ornaments, sumption. I doctored for a couple of grandeur of its scenccry. 14 From my front months ; had poultices all over me and took windows,” lie said, “i have a view that a great deal of medicine. I will not say that cannot he eonailed in the Dominion. I can the doctoring did no good, but it didn’t look up the lake a distance of twelve miles, do much, and I felt as if I were never and six miles across it, the timber clothed going to get better. At this time my at* inlands ami the picturesque shores making tention was directed to Dr. Williams’~ Pink a complete picture. But the scenery in and Pills for Pale People by reading an account around the adjoining Lake Tem again ingue of a case that seemed little short of a ought to make it the greatest tourist resort miracle. A sister of my wife had used them >n Canada, and it will ultimately be reached and had found them a valuable medicine, by the James Bay railway if it goes through, and strongly urged itie to try them. I must This lake is covered with beautiful Islands, confess that I did so with some reluctance ; the water is clear as crystal ami the trout I had tried so many medicines without finbing is exceptional. The lake is perhaps benefit that I despaired of finding anything *4 miles long at its great length, to cure me, but my cafe was desperate and Then there’s prospective mining I yielded to the solicitations of my friends Bell of the geological survey has repeatedly and purchased a supply of pi Ik from Mr. E. called attention to the strong indications of H. Brown, the druggist. I had not been copper, iron, and other metals he lias found taking them very long when I begin to i*1 the vicinity of Lake TcmagAmingue. notice a difference in myself and found my Returning to the question of settlement appetite, which had been almost entirely °f the Lake Temiscamingue country, Mr. gone, returning. I continued to take the Farr said the land was easily cleared, the Pink Pills and found my strength gradually pine sMimps being removable without any returning, something I had despaired of. difficulty after the timber had been cut a In a few weeks I had so far improved that years. Back of the townships and I was able to go around, and was constant* along the western shore of the lake generally gaining strength. I not only relished my ly there is an extensive pine country, food but it did me good, and I saw that I which will give winter employment and a ha J at last hit upon the right remedy. Well, market to the settlers for many yeais to to make a long story short, I continued to use come. There is no reason therefore why ,
1893: Canada::~laborer paid an enormous tax on his ng, for as a matter of fact working \:\ and coarse clothing were admittedly  than in the United isfaction about binder fostered by that h«m.
1893: wealth of the United State»~ as c nipart I with Canada, but he w mid i an actual com pa i iso n he rea l from tho report Commissioner of Census States, which said that a small army of 2,500 clerks were engaged in making a re cord of the mortgages in the United States. They had mi tile some nine millions of mortgages, while all knew there were only about twelve million families.
1893: Canada::~and , he showed that in the Unit- still sufticiont timber in Ontario to supp.y ed Slates the fanners xvere the most houv Canadian mills fur the next tin or hundred ily taxed of any vlto-s, and fai more h.av years at the present rate ( f can^umpti"ii, ily taxed than were Canadian». In the therefore why shouldn't we give thu Un best parts of the United S'.it es the t x kees a slice, more especially as they stand hvaou • • •1	per h ; oi popula »?> much in ueou of it. I - : • Mi «
1893: Canada::~Mr. Bergin went fully into the stalls-  in wages to Canadians and for tics of the cotton trade. Jfu showed that Canadian products eleven millions of do]-hon. members on the Opposition benches had exaggerated the profits of the manufacturer, and tho prices paid by dealers, always minimising the importance of this branch of manufacture, and the employment it afforded to our people.
1893: »~	^	Canada t# choose From.
1893: usa:Canada:~teraof the staa over which Ris had at-The cheese trade in  is aummin* f tid ^ |§wl euch preten.ions.
1893: Canada::~rogued on Saturday last with the usual ward which appear to be based upo cermoniea by His Excellency Earl Stanley, alleged property in fur seals as such, who towards the close of his speech from * Finally, that while Great Britain has the Throne, took occasion to bid farewell from the first strenuously and consistent to the members of both House# of Parlia- ly opposed all the foregoing exceptional I ment, and in doing so expressed hie a bid- pretensions and claim#, she has through- ' ing interest in all that concerns the wel- out been favorably disposed to the adop-1 SPECIAL ; fare of , and his sincere affection tion of general measures of control of the for her people.	fur seal fishery, shou’d these ke found to
1893: tended to, 241 ; deaths attended, 11; 10 j Toronto, Mar 30 —~ Mrs. Alexander stoves loaned. Distributed 330garments, | McKerzie, widow of the late cx-prem er 34 pairs of shoes. 240 tons of coal, 387 or- 0f Canada, died at 10.30 to night of infla ders for groceries, 50c. each ; 320 loaves i mation of the bowels after an illness of of bread. Money given in special cases, I a ftiW days only. Her niece was the $##.45 ; expended from private sources, uniy relative with her at the time of $112.26 ; also 11 infants’ outfits, 1 table, her death. Dr. Thorburn, the same phy-2 chairs, 1 mattress, 3 comfortables, 1 sicion who attended Mr. McKenzie at the
1893: Canada::~a suitable resolution s# to the able servioes of Mr. Carling on behalf of the farmers of .
1893: Canada::~able invasion of  by cholera during I ceive and pay In cash the highest the coming summer, and stated that he market price for Good Sound Po-
1893: Canada::~Mr. Prior called attention to the do suability of providing a system of pensions for the permanent military force of . It was what every nation in the world did for its soldiers
1893: J‘.' ^1,ur“~6y i Canada Oa^f/ ’annouiic- are cordially invited.	but we hope he will a.* >n return again.	Mr. and Mrs. Peter P*"* mky
1893: Canada::~driving to be courteous to wheelmen, at  for the purpose of making enquir they have their rights and privileges tin i# *# to whether any contagious oaith same ar any other vehicle.	| disease exists in this country or not, St
1893: It Announced and definitely decided Th«~f expressed confidence that when the on that the Ontario Government will set facts are properly presented to the British apart for a national park reservation a authorities the ri^tnctioM oo Oawoiao large section of the Nipissing district, in kittle will be lemoved. Theyw o n eluding the townships of Peck, Hunter, able on their return to the old country Devins, Biggar, Wilkes, Caniebay, Me to draw up a report giving Canada a clean
1893: Department of Crown Land.. It lie» ™~uma ever lui mated pr doe# now exiat north of the county of Renfrew, between |in Canada the P. R. main line and the Gland Trunk's North Bay extension. It is not traversed by any railroad lines at present.
1893: Canada::~parallel in  and there are few such non/' 3. Name* of places and persons baron record in the world. It has been re red-ported to the London Lancet in full.
1893: Canada::~Peterborough, .
1893: for his own use, and will often keep him busy <j»0 â~now an animal to make a slow three docks, at Scranton, Pittsburg and their huts. Then huts are spherical to form wheu his other work is done, anwrvo growth, and when a sufficient development Philadelphia. There is one in Mexico and and about four feel three inches high, so to cheat the corner grocery of ono more been reached in this way to feed it for one in Lower California and four In Canada that an ordinary man can get in only on all loafer and save several dry goods Ik>xu* troin msrket, will add to the cost to suoh an ex- and British Columbia. The center of each fours. Ths men ars Inveterate smokers, being whittled up. fhere is nothing under te#t that in many oases no profit will be dial ii directly over the city or point it rep- Their pipes ars of primitive, but original the sun that is a tnv.tt t panacea or indus- Stained.	resents, and it required ne end of exact construction, and consist of the hollowed-
1893: In the heart of Toronto Junction, on Dundas St. and close to all the factories, the undersigned has a parcel of land (In lots to suit purchaser»~) recently held at $!60 per foot. New loan arranged of $46 per foot at 6 per cent. Offers wanted to close this property out as existing encumbrance must be paid off Money invested in this will ble itself shortly. Next lot was sold lately at $100 per foot Apply Gxo. Clarke, 35 Wellington Street East, or A. Cecil Giahox, Canada Life Building, 46 King St. West, Toronto.
1893: One of the oldest sod largest business col »~ in Canada, Established 18*4. Specialsttention to penraanshlp.Tniorthsnd.and Typewriting, is well Mil thorough business course. A college wituated swthsospUal where students msy attend parlisment daring the session free. Send for Catalogue. Mote the wlîlre*s : JOHN KEITH, Principal, 88 O’Connor S:rmt Ottawa.
1893: Canada::~It is estimated that about 1,000,000 gal- morning, when his companions were literal* lone of cider are drunk in the Dominion of ly frozen with the cold and with horror, he l" /  yearly. About 150,000 barrels of plunged hie knife into her throat and pro-.„”«i I cider and perry are annually made in the oeeded to appease the cravings of hie hunger
1893: Canada::~Not many in , still fewer else* Great Lakes This peculiarity of climate ! grown in southern Ontario. The tulip tree Station describing Hie ruins of an ancient **%,f*?** s‘~ia^ell, Inspector of the where, says s wiiter in the Rural Canadian, which belongs to a broad belt in Canada, also flourishes, and the pieudo-papaw, a oaoa| dieoovsred in the Crimea, which he Sun	floored
1893: between Lake Erie and the nearest waters oouraging. But this barley has long been 1 he sPPle» **}•?•* le8dl°~8 fru.lt Canada ginwring feats of the Suez Canal, the forti- °f?°~ f>.^out le m,le*. In order to reach of the Gulf of Mexico,-the bay of Mobile |	^ in the col summer# of England, and and America, finds its highest development gestion# for ite protection are no lee# inter- this nllage one must take the train to Yoke,
1893: Japan:Canada:~grow corn. Nor is the really profitably fruit, but the law still holds, as with grain, excessive heat and monture largely reduce Undoubtedly before the tiae of Christ y heart of  and about 150 corn area of  confined to Ontario, that the highest production is found to- 1 lbe croP mildew, aud ha ve led to the many ships used it as a short out across the ^rom ^ neAreit treaty port hardly 1 Portions of Quebec, especially near Mont- ward* the northern or colder limit ot each abandonment on the bow* cf the Ohio <> peninsula between the two seas. The M f™iffncre ever visit it (especially ladies) real, where the warm season is as long as species.	*ome of the extensive vineyards which is now dry, except for a few standing pools and Mrl. Snasdsll was regarded as a great
1893: Canada::~in tlie more northerly part of the corn area In Eastern , especially in the formerly existed there. In Onto no mildew but it ii said that the oldest Inhabitant# oyrioeity by the natives who collected in of the Weetern States, are adapted for its region of the great lakes latitude, and n not » formidable enemy, it is easily com- can remember when, for several mile# in the crowd8 And etered in aetonishment at her. successful culture. Some of the interior even elevation appear to be subordinated batted and rarely is at all injurious.	central part, there was sufficient water to ^ th returned to Karnlxawa and
1893: Canada::~the illimitable wheat fields of  are ! North West, thus far, the cultivation of	often mtet feres with the maturing and otial*	two seas, and hie connectian with this	#nP Knobe (on the 3S. •‘Empress of Japs»M)
1893: Canada::~the daytime warm and the nights cool in land ; the season entirely without frost	7 ..	3	....	. , Hon. Geo. E. Foster, was for a
1893: Canada::~oration from other parte of  and hondredmiles farther aonth. In addition I!2?.	.	....	„„ of warehonae.
1893: Canada::~is known all over the V.S. and  ptU 11 A UfC /EPATA PRII Her Herd has made s magnificent euccees,	A I A n n fl
1893: Canada::~highest price in , for htr whole oui-	TofonM’_________________ Seed. Clean tira» and Clover Seeds.
1893: Canada::~box 324 Brock ville, Ostario, .	xmT ANTKD-Ladle* or young men to take
1893: Canada::~The unexplored area of  Is one million square miles.
1893: Canada::~1 AgenU Want.'d-We pay II to $6 per day salary no oom rn ; salon) to man, woman, boys and girls. Write for particulars. Register all money letters. Address. Aur icultubist Pub. Oo .(L td), Peterborough,.
1893: ed end phenomenal While, no doubt, it hlatory i. vonohed for by independent evi-i* the advertising that baa brought this deltoe> wy,iofa it would be morally impoe-remedy Into anob rapid prominence in Kng- alb|. u doabt. itta shown by conclu,ive-lend, it it the merit of the preparation that , site.tod evidence that Dr. William.’ keepe it there «d make# it popular with &,b put, (or p.|. people era uot a patent people. There are few n.wap^er read- nmdicine in the ordinary eanee, but a ecieu ¦~in Canada who have net read of the tlt)o pre„ntion> horn a formula long used cure., that to eay the leaet, border on the 1q	practice. They are shown to
1893: Canada::~The Hon. C. S. Patterson, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of ,
1893: “The bowlders and rocks t hat have come down the mountain side with me,form what is called a moraine, and growing all over it is found the beautiful white and purple Scotch heather. People often amuse themselves by picking flowers, ancl then piercing my sides with a sharp iron point which is on the end of a long stick which they carry to get pieces of me to eat. I suppose they get thirsty after so much climbing, so try to bear the pain without a murmur. “Wouldn’~t you like to see me ? If you would I can be found in the western part of Canada on the shoulder of one of the Selkirk Mountains. My name is “The Great Glacier of the Selkirks. ” A little boy has just taken my picture so I will send them along for you to see.
1893: Canada::~Republic sent abroad $13.40 per inhabi- In what shape are the Court registrars Jewellery g while  exported f23 per head, of Hull for the years 1873 to 1890 wh<
1893: Canada::~44 Whereas, the present issue of Dominion one dollar notea is old and detrimental to the working men of , therefore be it
1893: Canada::~When you want a fanning mill buy the agamet the shore. She stepped on it to at the Shawville Roller 1 Chatham, the leading Mil) of  ; dip the water from the outside; but it 6,000 «old iu 1892. For sale by A. S. was ilimy^a though the bark had just Smart.	come off, and her (pot slipped from it in
1893: CANADA::~APPOINTED AS ,X 	‘°W'	°“
1893: Canada:United States:~apparent reluctance of the Canadian government to accede to the requests of the board of agriculture for a full report Upon all the cases where cattle have been rejected at montreal as fit for shipment, the same will be forthcoming. The communication desires to impress most strongly upon the Canadian government the adoption of vigorous and really efficient measures to learn whether the disease has not been introduced into  from the , where it is known to exist.
1893: W. Wilson, the elder of the two, stated to a reporter that he and hie brother came it» from Chicago on Wednesday evening,and spent the mg ht at the Mé~tropole. They had seen the Chicago Fair, and had come to Toronto to see what Canada could do in the shape of an exhibition.
1893: United States:Canada:~and in the , and has already I a XTPNTION taken a strong position in .	^11 " " ¦ I w
1893: Canada::~__	cases.	It will do so to you.	tended the Central  Fair last week	remains to the grave.
1893: The beet sugar industry is about to re- the most supple and yielding quality should ceive new life in the Province of Quebec, be worn. At the same time, of course, it Messrs. M. Lefebvre k Co. having bought should be waterproof and durable. These the property and plant of the late company qualities, so far as we have been able to at Berthier. They have about 1,200 acres | judge, belong in a satisfactory degree to an of beets available for this season’s opera* I interesting and new material called M flexus tions, and express themselves as quite san-1 fibra.”~ It appears to be a flax-derived ma* guine of success. Their programs ill be Serial, suitably prepared watched with much interest, for if the en* that to all appearances it is leather. I* is terprise is successful it means a new source particularly supple and flexible and takes of wealth for Canada and especially the * polish equally well with the best kind of
1893: Canada::~of Bio said lots, and any one wishing to pur- four mont hi in  in 1892.
1893: Canada::~to he connected with the well-known hank- fit from ,hat event Four year, ago young bee city, for a period of iix month, back.it the whole of . To some of them it be,tew e medal or badge on them for long er«, Meeers. Hambrongh Bros., London and Hainbrough became the pupil of Mr. Mon. i» found that notwithetandieg the large ,ee,ned a wild proposal, overooitly and im- vieerce and good conduct.
1893: Canada::~The chanccof a lifetime-Kvery boy and girl in  should, commence it at once—The article* will soon commence—
1893: Every Mu»~ic Teacher in Canada should know where they can get their Music cheapest
1893: Canada::~WATtROUS, Brantford, .
1893: Canada::~Judges.-The following well-known gentlemen have consented to act as Judges, and will see that the prises are fairly awerded : Commodore Calculi, proprietor of the CalcutVe line of steamers, Peterborough, and Mr. W. Robertson, president limes Printing Uo, Pet erborough. Register all money letters Ad drees. Agriculturist Pub. Co.,LVd, Peterborough, .
1893: Canada::~generally run up to the latter end of Sir John Abbott, ex premier of , I November, when they are forced to dose died at hie home in Montreal on Monday | on account of frost and snow. This year,
1893: Canada::~The Watertott N. Y., Tima complains e in its district smuggle wool-goods, silk*, laces, yarns and good clothing from Kingston and other Canadian pointa, these articles, It declares, being much cheaper in  than New Yoik. The practice also in
1893: Canada:United States:~Cmiia bas added another to her notons# at Chicago, and this time a brfl liant one. In the exhibit of Cheddar made previous to 1893 Canada woo 103 pizw, and the United States not oae. In the class for Cheddar cheese of this year's make,  took 369 awards against 46 to the . We had 130 exhibits which scored high er than the highest of the United Sta-Of 27o exhibits for the present mb Ontario 260 were awarded prims# ; and the other provinces upheld ?heir i*fmtali<« ee well that of 639, number of exhibits from Can aiaed prises, splendid triumph
1893: passing the doctor and taking British fleet. The regular foroee were tug- puds in 1891 and only 2,011 puds in 1885. the oath of allegiance, the recruit goes mented by all the militia at this point Taking the value of the pud on the average to head quarter# for training. His life The object of the operations was to test the at 14,104 roubles, theie is thus a total of there ie that of a cavalry soldier all the ability of the land foroee and fortifications 36,070,000 roubles,or upward of 825,000,000. u rid over. He undergoes in the riding- to resist a probable attack either by land The French Government's monopoly of school that refined torture which results in or tea. On the occasion of the last man @*g&r,We selling has produced an interest a military seat, and incidentally learns œ~uvres, York redoubt, the most effective in* question. It has been a common indue-much of the peculiarities of the Western fortification in Canada to day, wae found try in Paris to roll and sell cigarettes, the broncho. After s trial of Mounted Infantry ti> be unable to cover a ship that might tobacco being bought from the State. Redrill, the force has returned to the regular steal upon the harbor under ill guns. An oentiy the small fry were prosecuted on cavalry system, in the simpler movement# immense sum has since been spent to rem- the ground that they were defrauding the of which it is thoroughly exercised, and eily the defect Early in the morning Government, and a high court has so* tain-field-artillery drill has also to be learned, the Blake and Tartar went to sea and mill- ^	that	although	a man may buy
1893: Canada::~Brantford, .
1894: Canada::~Jaa. Williams one of the victims of the latest brutal murder in , has a brother, Mr Samuel Williams, living near Sand Point.
1894: Canada::~One of the oldest and aigut business collcgi . Established 1M6 Special attention to
1894: CANADA::~LANDLORDS IN .
1894: Canada::~One of the revelations made by the census is the fact that in  the renting of farms is, except in tlio Province of Prince Edward, on the increase. In 1871 Ontario had HI,212 occupiers of farm» who were also	,
1894: Canada::~will be born with less and less tendency ,^1 duration. Play does not agree with The Duchess of Fife dresses her eldest Sunday ;*if 1, Monday ; if 2, Tuesday, aud 0f their masters. They seized the chance, to crime or to crime made easy, ror edu- their delicate constitutions. To keep the little girl with great taste,but a great many soon.	 assisted in the financial part of the
1894: United States:Canada:~are lower than those of Canada. This is not true of all States ; and where it is true it seems that one factor in the apparently hotter position of atfairs is the circumstance that many a farmer, while not a mortgagor, is the tenant of a wealthy owner who has not found it necessary to look tor a loan. The growth of what is termed landlordism in the  is, indeed, attracting a groat deal of attention, and in many quarters the opinion is entertained that some form of legislation may be necessary in order to help the actual worker on the land in his struggle for ownership. We are not in this position yet. Rut, with twenty, one per cent of our Ontario farms under rent, and with the tenancy system extending, it appears quite probable that in process of time we shall approach it. Meanwhile, it is important to observe that  has twice already come to the relief of tenants, and that at this moment there is a strong invitation to one of our Legislatures to extinguish a system of farm rental that nourishes in a distant part of the country.
1894: Canada::~TxylEg to Hurt .
1894: Canada::~The reception of the new tariff bill by On the Heath of Marrerel Ann MrKIbbon the political parties in  is % subject who d,ed °u November 16th, INS, aged lo
1894: Canada:United States:~wade in  with any corresponding concessions, they have professed to regard as a mistake on the part of the  and an injury to the Liberal party.
1894: A Now York dlepstteh i»~yi :-li some not behind Canada the Hawaiian uiurpstion wheu ifc oolle them anything—this won t	I	v	#
1894: Canada::~patrons of the college. Everything to insure the health, comfort and confenienoe of the students has been carefully planned and arranged and every room has been fitted up in a style superior to anything of its kind in .
1894: United States:usa:~charitable organizations make the state- Mr. Connor O'Dea has been connected meut that hundreds of people who never with this college for over thirty years, and knew what want was before are starving in ie well known throughout Canada and the cold rooms to-day. Every organization is  as one of the greatest dealing with a class of people it has never experts in penmanship on the continent, met before, and scores of cases are related and thonds of young men attribute of people who go days and days without ! much of their success in business to the food or fire before they will admit their proficiency they attained in this respect condition. Missionaries say that families while at the British American College. Mr.
1894: Canada:Canada:~other paper, in regard to . The 8un does not may so in express words, but it insinuates that  has no right to exist on this continent and that the United State, would be justified in adopting eny •ort of tactic to force us into annex vtioa
1894: Canada::~When you want a fanning mill buy the Chatham, the leading Mill of  : 6,000 sold in 1802. For sale by A. 8 Kmart.
1894: Canada::~One of the oldest and Taigent business colleges In . Established 18dd. Special attention to Penmanship, Shorthand and Typewriting, as well as a thorough business course. A college situated at the Capital where student* may attend parliament during the session free. Send for Catalogue. Note the address :	JOHN KEITH, Principal S3 O’Connor
1894: LlniVd SS TJÜlîofcî Stbu&SfiEfr	f»m^ «~aided in Canada nine jrear., .,,d
1894: Canada::~DiTCussingr Reciprocity with .
1894: £ JJuWPm Vui*»~" we know in Canada.-Montreal Gazette.
1894: Canada::~f'i addition to this resolution there was adopted a suggestion as an addition to the n<w Wilson Tariff bill providing that the new tariff act shall net become operative so far as  1* concerned except by pro ctamation of the President lssue t only under the fol owing conditions :-‘‘~When It In duly cert tiled to the President of the united Kt tt< f that the Government of the Dominion ol Canada has declared h decree# to enter Into Mich commercial arrangement»~ with the Vuited Mates as will result In a material reduction of the duties now existing against the admission Into Canada of the products and manufactures of the Vuited Slates, lie shall appoint three commissioners to meet those J. -igDHted to represent the Government ol Canada to consider the most desirable marn-r In which to accomplish a larger ext h mge of the products and marufao-
1894: Canada:Canada:~turcs ot i he i wo countries. If t he icsult of the deliberations cf these commissioners should he an sgie ment ai d a report satis-far lot) t > l tie Secret ary of the Treasury that by a material reduction of duties or toy the pulling upon the tree list of the Canadian tariff a list of manufactures and products of the United States which, in his opinion, would afford an equal advantage to the United States hm the operation of this bill would afford to , and he should so report to the President, and on being furnished with an undertaking by the Canadian Govern mem that these recommendations will be.recommended to the Parliament of  for enactment.the President shall Issue his proclamation, making his act opérai lye without any reservation In relation to < anantmn Importations. It shall be the further duty of the commissioners so appointed to ascertain on what terms the entire freedom or commercial intercourse between the two countries can best be secured, and said commission shall report to the President, who shall lay his report befor Congress.
1894: Canada::~It is stated that the farmers of Carleton, of the first terms of Circuit and Superior not apparently act upon the assumption Renfrew and Lanark counties are uniting courts, for the newly erected judicial die furtber than to cut some hay. Then fol-for the purpose of starting next summer trict of Pontiac. Hie Honor Mr. Justice joWed the sale to Valliantcourt, and some the largest creamery in . It will Maihiut presided. .....	days thereafter, when the latter got Coi-
1894: the vulgar and offensive air of a person who travels on his muscle. “ In peace there's nothing so Wcomee a man as modest seeming and humility," and Shakespeare1! words would be equally true if “~ nation were substituted for H men. A truoulen bearing, an affectation of a temper given or sudden brawls,are not admirable in man or nation. The jingo Journals are most prone to the bad manners which spring from this bad taste. The New York San affords an example in speaking about the possibility of war between Canada and the Uniii« l States. Its words are as foolish as they are boastful.	__
1894: England:Canada:~Referring to the report that the hay exported to  fiom  the last season haegiven poor satisfaction,TheEmpire says « It would be unfortunate if carelessness of any kind should render impossible the sale at a good profit of Canadian hay in the Log liih market. Yet this is said to have been the chief cause of the disappointment that has been expressed over the results of the efforts made to meet the demands of the recent fodder famine in Britain to the Advantage of the Ce nedieff “~farmers. Still,the trade is growing,and there is no good reason why it should not be developed to a eondl-tion permanently profitable to the Canadian growers. The serious difficulty with which exporters have so far contended is that farmers and balers have not been as careful as they ought to be Information received by exporters here, as has been already mentioned in our commercial columns, goes to show that it is the practice to bale hay from the open slack, and leave the bales exposed in all kinds of weather. As a consequence of being enow-ed upon, or otherwise moistened, they become musty in transit, and not only doe* this result in disaster to the shippers, but had any of the musty hay, which steamship companies at New 1 ork had either to refuse to take on board or throw into the sea, reached its destination in bad condition it would have seriously injured the reputation of Canada in the British market. Of late we are told exporters have been at great expense and annoyance on account of the carelessness here indicated on the part of the farmers, and those who take the contract of baling the hay. This ought to be particularly guarded against at a time when our products are being enquired after and closely examined in England. 1 he brand Canadian should ba made to enhance the value of every article it is attached to instead of detracting from it."
1894: The official or, gan of Church's 7 Au to •~ V ooe School for the cure of Stammering, Toronto Canada, sent free post-paid.
1894: Canada::~ward Inland election eas 24,057. The eastern cities. The ponies shipped east | tilC priCO tO vote cast was about 18,500. The plebis* will not bo scrubs, but first-class ani-cite only brought out about 14,000. mais and it is expected that they will Rarely 44 per cent, of the total declared find a ready market. They will be soldat for prohibition, and though this, no minimum cost and the proceeds be handed doubt, represents one half of the avail* over to the Indiana either in cash or else able vote, it docs not promise that pro- in cattle. It is expected that a number vincial prohibition would be more effec- of Polo clubs will be formed in the lead* tive on the Island than was the Scott I cities of Eastern , these ponies be*
1894: Canada::~The Ottawa and Gatineau Valley Railway Company give notice that it will apply to the Parliament of , at the next ensuing session, for an Act to amend and consolidate the Acts relating to said company, also to extend the time f«»r the completion of ita road, to define and enlarge its bonding powers, to delimitate its boundaries snd franchises, to increase the capital stock, and to authorize the issue of preferential stock and the I to be successful in obtaining hie trial in powers necessary thereto, to sanction and | Montreal, confirm an agreement with the Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway Company, respecting a bridge across the Ottawa River to grant the powers and privileges necessary to the execution and fulfilment of the I Lords to day the Marquis of Ripon, Sec-objects of the said agreement and for oth- rotary of Stata for the Colonies, stated er purposes.	that despatches had been received confirm
1894: help her. my pastor recommended Ayer's Sarsaparilla. I followed his advice. Three months of regular treatment with Ayer's Sarsaparilla and Ayer’s Pills completely restored my daughter s health."—~Mrs. Louis# Kiclle, Little Canada, Ware, Mass.
1894: Canada::~awakes, and wherever the fish are leaping , gome light mune until tea time, after Another favorite, which is found in every at the brooding caddis flies over the brook, which they reader talk until dinner, where French restaurant in the large cities of they make their presence known.	the inexorable custom of champagne, the  and the States, is the tiruyere.
1894: has not yet been determined. Late in discretion of a little supper before retiring. matl° in little huts—sometimes called March it appears on the southern coast of Of course the result of all this feasting is chalets—high up in the Alps at the time of Florida and gets up to the Middle States °n° which arouses research into the best Gi®~ year when the pastures on the mountain and Canada in early April, so that he strikes methods of avoiding the accumulation of 8"'*8 we accessible and these little huts our coasts with an impetus, and with his A*8*1 and the latest discovery ie that an oc- Mn''a» »it»bie.	.	.
1894: United States:Canada:~The pant year, mays the Winnipeg Com- I house, and all died about a quarter of an meruial, has boon a quiet one in railway hour afterwurdsfrom poisoning. It was subbuilding all over the continent. In the eequently shown that the poison had been  there has been a great falling niixed with their food, and no doubt is en* off in the mileage of new railways built tertained that a terrible crime has been during the year, and the same is true of committed. On the news becoming known . In Manitoba and the territories the whole town was thrown into a state of the year past has also been a quiet one in great excitement. Several persons have
1894: Canada::~oMillet Constructed-  nnd the
1894: Canada::~Several articles have appeared recently privileges which the House of Lords had in the London Times on . In the on various occasions showed, he was latest published last week, the writer in afraid that the epoch of that reserve, dis dealing with trade matters, says that cretion and circumspection had ended.
1894: United States:United States:~Canada's trade with the , Is Otherwise the members of the Opposition not so essential to the Dominion as trade must feel that in some way or other with Great Britain ; and the opinion is the solution had been found for the expressed that the  will tremendous contiarity and incessant
1894: Canada::~tereat. The article goes on to say what profound importance. Between the re  needs is greater care in studying presentatives of the people and those fill to meet the demands of the British mar- ing the non elective chamber he admitted ket, improved transportation facilities, that the House of Commons could not
1894: Canada::~tioi on articles imported from  they are probably excelled by Pekin and
1894: Canada::~. no one in  is inclined to take any Fills right notice of him. But why should they ? It ,	.	was rather an expensive amusement and
1894: Canada::~The Most Shocking Crime In the M	Annals of .
1894: Canada::~long line of camels, arousing the less vigi- naked B0,e . nei,her must the lips that have  unUached hard wood a*hes	i nshman stood charged with stealing	they continued raving about for a
1894: transporte of their joy, and all, after «iis berv’~s late speech in the House of Lords centres in Canada that are thmvmg these •«whv did you allow the prosecutor, who ^d to the artist, and live mmun » i i we mounting,offered up praise and prayer from ^ impetuous outburst of candour,” and «• natural fertilisers,” what a business must * emaner mao than yourself, to assault were stretched out on our blankets in the the Koran.	.	,	.	,.v, •• it u daugerooe for a yountf Prime b, d„De ev ry year in draining this country wjlbout rroutanoe? Had von nothing centra of the cage.
1894: *iiu svuiueru states of the Union. It ol 01 vl I Procé~da re of Lower Canada, are hers-•trikes u., therefore, that under the muet
1894: Canada::~vNhtlst there can be no doubt of the of civil procedure of I*ower , are here-advantages that would result fmm by required to make them known according
1894: Canada::~The duties on all these remain unchanged | GILDER, GLAZIER, DECORATOR, but a clause is added in each case that the government may let them in free when any other country lets in free from  the same articles.
1894: Canada::~School for the cure of Summering, Toronto , tent free poet-paid.
1894: Canada::~wharf, as it cannot be excelled in . . not !n an7W1B? disappoint the expect- to 15c.
1894: Canada::~Miuieter of Agriculture of , died at L, Yokohama, where <11,reputable women Ot tawa on Sunday night, lie was a	was destroyed by live on the 2nd insL,
1894: Canada::~1 Auto- V ooe School for the cure of Stammering, Toronto , sent free post-paid.
1894: Canada::~articles exported by  to the 1 nited Northern Spy when well grown is also much V ; f venting these injuries there W1[h unlawfully wounding her husband,
1894: The following bill was read a third time and passed :—~To amend the Act to incorporate the Steam Boiler and Plate Glass Insurance Company oi Canada.
1894: Canada::~Mr. McMullen said it was outrageous to levy a tax of 1 1-2 cents a pound on starch merely for the purpose of maintaining au enormous and grasping industry, and also a combine, for there was a combination between the three factories that manufactured the article in .
1894: Canada::~Mr. Keid said there were eight or nine starch factories in , and that a comme did not exist.
1894: Canada::~man of tins section a few hints about civil procedure of liowvr , are hereby drawing water as he seems to have had requtnd to make them known according to
1894: Canada::~If  had failed; In ||	on to get all It deelred,
1894: Canada::~Vf. John Thompson agreed that 	changed venue in cases coming before the	stripped of men	and beasts, the cities in	and replenish the herd by raising calves |	from a cheeee factory as it ie to keep home
1894: Canada::~the ink was dry, yet it was fit that 	as reported by the Agricultural Department	The sympathy of the court ana spectators was	3. In the spring and fall, while	the cows	so, ask why, and if the defect is not	reined-
1894: Canada::~e# the various provinces of .	Procureur dee Réoulérants.
1894: Canada::~NOTICE U hereby given that application will be made to the Parliament of  at
1894: Canada::~TS HEREBY given that under " The ComA panlee Act* letters patent have been Issued under the Great Seal of , bearing
1894: Canada::~WATEROUS, Brantford, .
1894: Canada::~how to do  up on the lumber duty 11(( The bill and amendments were or-	T>T)T/^r>c
1894: Canada::~he will be just as strong asking for any	to  until that country ahall have
1894: Canada::~the,people on the Niagara Peninsula, Grit Hi sera faite au Parlement dn , a sa
1894: Canada::~a little she is far from presenting the NOTICE Is hereby given that appttcatl spectacle of her people being driven will be made to the Parliament of  at
1894: Canada::~As it is, however, by reason of 's	^,iicitor tor Applicants
1894: Canada::~Sir Charles H. Tupper moved the second reading of the bill to permit fchips plying from  to carry a six-foot deck load. Formerly, the limit was three feet.
1894: Canada::~competency as mate of a seagoing ship, Mr. Edgar called attention to the pur-eight dollars; fora certificate of compel- chase of methylated spirits from H. Corby envy as mate of a ship trading on the inland to the value of $4,900. He asked if the waters of , or on coasting voyages, gentleman named was a member of Parli-six dollars ; for e certificate of service a* ament, and if the purchase was a breach of master, eight dollars ; for a certificate of Independence of Parliament Act.
1894: Canada::~maximum pay of veterinary surgeons shall tion had  been so well advertised in began to be entertained that Williams had Brother Sullivan is leader, Brother Mit" be $1,000, instead of $700»~ per annum ; that	England and Ireland as now. Most of the	made sway with him, particularly as he	cbell	plays the viola, and Brother Corbett
1894: Canada::~the maximum pay of four staff sergeants	immigrants to  lately went to the	told contradictory stories, finally saying	plays	the violin in Tioga Methodist Epis-
1894: Canada::~The great trouble was in the power possess- and also, to provide that all pay due to amongst the people south of the line as to case aud of the suspicion of foul play. In ac- 0f philosophy of logic. Bat you cannot be ed by vessel owners at .Montreal, who were desertors at the time of their desertion from the opportunities for settlement in  cordance with information secured and tr*ulRted eiae we would be basted/* enabled to extort from cattle dealers, when	the force shall form part of a fund applicable	was amazing.	suspicions confirmed search was made down	(. ain Francis Martin, who retired
1894: Canada::~customary	or	legitimate	rates.	The pro-	or meritorious services, to the establishment	migrants coming to  was determined	point 14 miles from Fort Saskatchewan,	sffcr forty-six years of service, cels#
1894: Canada::~known that the price of carrying animals	The	resolution was adopted.	one for  today. Toe only way to	weeks ago the search was resumed. The	.g A Rheumatic attack	when he goes off
1894: fluctuate so as to make this»~ variation rea -	Sir John Thompson moved the second	wag not diverted	more to Canada, in	hie	session. It was found that a large fire had	, .
1894: Canada::~advance of tho sailing of the vessels. Their	Labour day.	rich who	were in  now. He was	been burned. In the ground under the	Kansas, is sur i an « x	c.it n , *
1894: Canada::~Respecting the Manitoba and Northwestern Railway Company of .
1894: Canada::~Mr. W. M. Carman, Champion Bicyclist of ,writ*i that he oou>i lore St. Leon the very beet thing to drink while in general training.
1894: Canada::~Now send on your half-dollar (by money order, through the Express or Post office; or postage stamps, tf these are unattainable,) and get the Journal for a year for just half-price. 1 ake advantage of the low offer while it is going, for, unless we have an enormous list at this price, we will not be able to continue it. W e will send the Journal, post-paid, to any address in  or the L nited States at tins
1894: Canada::~Brantford, .
1894: Canada::~to 8i Adelaide Street West, Toronto, .
1894: ..	= lr'!l)°~n ^"eiday night, and about L.The Methodist church of Canada has
1894: Canada::~Colonial Conference ! 11A great event, an event which inaugurates, it may be, a new era of modern history, has just happened at Ottawa, . It is nothing less than the official manifestation of the unity of that vast British empire, upon which it ie more true to say that the eun doe# not set than it was to employ that expression concerning the dominions of
1894: Canada::~the United Slates and other countries. No gold was exported from the United Kingdom to  during the past six months,	__|
1894: Canada::~cleared at British ports, with cargoes from and to , in the month and six months ended June 30, was $
1894: “~ In aid of their Pacific railroad the Canadians have piled up indebtedness till it staggers American imagination, although are not without experience in national debts. Down to June 30 of last year the Dominion has subsidized 5,049 mile# of road with money grants aggregating $41,610,000 There is now due, or to become due under su be idles assured, about $7,000,000. The Dominion ie payings subsidy to the steam-from Victoria to Asia, and is ready to pay $750,000 a year for several years, and $500,000 a year for a term beyond for a line of first-class passenger steamers between Montreal and English ports. We trust the Imperial Government and the people of England appreciate the readiness of the Canadians to bury themselves in taxes and mortgages in order to give Great Britain a safer and quicker route for the transmission of troops to India. It is one of the most beautiful pieces of self-sacrifice to be found in the history of nations. In return for this the empire promises Canada protection from dangers that would not exist but for the fact that the Dominion is a part of the | fall empire, and there is little probability if the promise could be kept if the occasion for it should arise. Nobody will ever moleit Canada, except possibly the Unite I States; the United States would never molest Can ada except as an incident of a war with England, and there ere very few competent judges in either Canada or England who believe than England could defend Canada from the United States if the latter decided to take the Dominion."
1894: United States:England:~There ie too much grotesque nonsense about this to need criticism or retort. To the last sentence, which we are amazed to in a paper like The Commercial Bulletin, word may be said in all friendship and candor. Canada is never likely to give the  just cause for war, and otherwise the people of New  are too intelligent ana too honorable to molest a friendly neighbor. They refused to do so before, and they would refuse again.
1894: Canada:United States:~The statistics covered a period of 73 years from 1821 to 1893. The figures given show that the exports of merchandise from the United States to Canada amounted in 1821 to $2,014,529, and the imports to the United States from  to $414,600. In 1893 on the other hand the exports amounted to $24,138,482, and the imports to $22,108,916. The total exports for the period named aggregated $1,463,159,324. while the imports amounted to $1,299,957,798, so that the balance of trade is still in favor of the .
1894: United States:Holland:~In the first half of the year Canada exported 175, 742 owL of cheese to Great Britain, as compared with 120, 070 cwu in the corresponding half of 1893, and 85,806 in 1892. This shows a steady and gratifying increase, but in the same period the , which certainly cannot compete with ns in the quality of cheese, exported 349,592 cwt. in the first half of 1893. The United Kingdom imported altogether 744,359 cwt., against 629,958 in the corresponding half of 1893.  is the next largest exporter to Great Britain with a total for the half year of 130,253 owL Tin London Grocer reports the market for Canadian and American cheese firtn in tone as receipts and deliveries become more closely adjusted to each other, aud larger parcels are going into consumption at the full previous value, which has been regarded as at a very moderate level, and is actually 10s. per cwt. below that in July 1893
1894: Canada::~charges the Dominion Government with wholesale bribery of constituencies by public works, and regrets that the law is not enforced with the same vigor in  as in Newfoundland
1894: Canada::~The early blight in this part of  generally appears at the end of J une or the early part of July. The late blight oi potato rot seldom shows itself until August. Therefore, spraying should be begun early in July and repeated every two weeks at least until the end of August.
1894: Canada::~There are few diseases of field crops which are the direct cause of more loss to the farmers of  than the two blights which have been aptly termed by Prof. L. It. Jones of Vermont, the Early Blight and Late Blight of potatoes.
1894: Canada::~Three Chinese were caught at the Port Huron end of the tunnel by special agents of the United Settee Treasury on Monday, This makes five within four days. They will be sent back to .
1894: Canada::~Right Rev. Thomas Burke has been consecrated fourth Bishop of Albany, N. There were thirteen bishop# and eighty-eight monsugiors, including representatives from  and many of the States, The priests of the diocese presented Bishop Burke with a purse of $5,000.
1894: Canada::~One of the oldest and laigest business college* in . Established 1866. Special attention to Pen manshtp, Shorthand and Typewriting, as thorough business course. A college situated at the Capital where students may attend parliameut during the session free. Send for Catalogue. Note the ad-JOHN KEITH, Principal. 38 O'Connor Ottawa.
1894: Canada::~should be very thoroughly brushed in j Horses, at least horses of a certain class, sections till the dandruff is brushed out as , are very cheap in the western range country much as possible, when some good hair ' both in  and the United Slates.
1894: Canada::~the efforts so strenuously put forth on j Excellent accommodation for the convey-the part of these gentlemen it i. p.obable | this boon to the poorer classes of , would not have been secured.
1894: Canada::~The Central  Exhibit on at Ottawa.
1894: Canada::~The display of horses and cattle at the |3utter in paj]g fairs of the Central  Exhibition as
1894: Canada::~It was here it will be remembered that Lord Aberdeen, when visiting  some years ago purchased him lovely team of carriage horses.
1894: Canada::~We have letters from all parts of  saying
1894: Canada::~Heater made in .
1894: Canada::~name which the registrar Is not bound to include in hiscertitlcate, under article700ol the code of civil procedure of Lower , are hereby required to make them known ac cording to law. All oppos
1894: 8. mpl.dRoSmr »r	»~ central Canada and in
1894: Canada::~No loafers allowed on the premises. Send for catalogue. Address JOHN KEITH, Principal. 162 Bank BL Ottawa, .	s
1894: Canada::~Champion Pedestrian of -
1894: Canada::~We have letters from all parte of  laying
1894: Canada::~In every town and village in  to sell THE EARTH, the new weekly Illustrated newspaper. Knocks the others all out wherever offered. Boys already appointed are making from one to four dollars for Friday afternoon and Saturday's work. Apply now before places are all taken.
1894: Canada::~It is interesting to note the progress of the crockery trade not only iu quantity of 's importations from Great Britain, but also in the quality of the various wares. The large potters ¦ e . e	appear to spare no expense for the pro-
1894: Canada::~WjlOK the latent and beet line of T Bibles In , all sizes i
1894: a milk-producing machine. The Jerseys can be relied on for doing good work in the dairy for ten or twelve years. “Masteoa,”~ a Jersey owned by fille, Canada, gave 650 pounds of butter, or over 8,000 pounds of milk, in a twelve
1894: Canada::~York and 1,725,000 from Montreal. Some 7.0# per cent, of solid matter, having of the New York export was also Cana- BOme value as food, of which 0.03 are diau product sent from that port for con- fl^h producers, 6.60 fat and heat provenience sake. The New York Sun, ducera and 0.60 bone producers. As the which lias taken some alarm lest  proportion of fat and heat producing elem should get ahead of the Tinted States as ente is too high compared with the pro a cheese country, will find cause for fur portion of flesh producing elements, this ther cogitation in these figures.	| |Mt one must tn> raised by the addition of
1894: What would be the effect of this Î~ A tax on raw sugar of two or three cents a pound, a tax on every pound of nianilla, a lax on every pound of raw cotton, and on every other article that ie brought here to be made into the finished product in Canada by Canadian labor.—And the effect of this can easily be seen. The
1894: United States:Canada:~railroads of the  and  At Cape Town an African volunteer rifle about 45,000 locomotives, representing & i* being organised to compete at the
1894: Canada::~sure the health of birds.	liah which realized $498,690. Two new . ^ xa e on parcels between  end I Dora— * N-o, not much."	I the corresponding four months of last year.
1895: ÂdJfeïwJÔ~HN KEITH, Principal, 15$ Rank 8t.,Ottawa, Canada.
1895: Canada::~given in that city on Sunday nights	indigestion. He came north after residing	 patent July 17th 1894.
1895: Canada::~Fop richness of flavor Bearer tobaec I falsehood 1 and is he not dangerously cannot be equalled in . For salt | tear the pure article, by J. O. McGuire, Shawrille.	I What estimate can he entertain of the
1895: Oarleton Place.	h_ , bü~ 14,1 Canada. For sale . A ( < -unty meet ing of the Patrons of In - K contributors were Prof. E. Gibson
1895: Canada::~largest possibly in .	up, Annie, spring will bring G. home. i î1?8,,r?' wbo ber neice, has been vis- North Gower, to attend the obsequies of
1895: Canada::~Prices lower than any house in .
1895: Canada::~once a week into bin a. The nest boxes, f,  which ham not furnished a case of | 5>n< aft 8t*P?£i Ht##if«i2L?torMng Remedy somethinr are one foot square and 15 inches high, | more or less prominence, and if the par- 1	* U' MontreAl-
1895: Note—~All enterprising merchants Ie every town In Canada sell
1895: Canada::~plums of office having been almost en- every section of , in ^ ' tirely distributed among the représenta meut has aided railways an tivea of the Eastern Townships and the deepened canals. Doing a«‘ cities of Montreal and Quebec. This, in strengthened the credit o	*
1895: Canada::~mended on the wisdom and popularity of years have increased the contniv i e his choice. He la a gentleman eminently . So firm did her t,a<e *
1895: usa:Canada:~trade, and speak of advance. From 1878 r>lpntiM,, of February. ene thond eight hund.rd to 1893 the exports of  increased | nnd nindv.tivP, at the hour often of the dock In the by 00 per cent. The imports increased by fowIlot)IU at tbe domicile of the lab Edward tiibbom,* 00 |ier cent., the coasting trade tonnage | in hix lifetime of the Township of Onslow, in the by 120 per cent., and the inland water I County of Pontiac, in the Province of Quebec, .M.r-touuage by 60 per cent. The railway v)isnt, will be exposed and sold by us, Stephen Alex-mileage has increased 120 per cent., the • rndei m*Ka>, the undersigned Notary Public foi the number of passengers carried by 109 per Province oi Quebec, residing at the Village ofShaw-per cent., and the freight t rallie by 100 wile, aaid County mk! Province, proceeding from the percent. The bank circulation has grown Inventory of the property of the said late Elwa-d 80 jK.*r cent. The number of letters and Gibbons, all the moveables, moveable ettbets, wto^k-jK)8t cards passing through the mails has in-trade, goods and merchandises, anl imtnoveahh augmented 1T»3 |>er cent., and of pa^rs, and landed properties, enten i in the aaid i:i\.-nt.»ry, etc., 110 per cent. The exports of cheese which ha* been duly taken by me. as well in the pre ¦	¦ H	¦ ÉÊÊ or cent., senee as in the alwnre of the interested parties, dulv
1895: Canada::~exports increased 400 percent. Between 1878 and 1893 the total value of exports of agricultural product* increased 02 per cent. The capital invested in industrial enterprise has in ten years, from 1881 to 1891, grown by 112 per cent, the wages 70 per cent.,and the value of output by 75 per cent. The savings of the people deposited in the banks have increased since the National policy came into force by 192 percent. The life insurance carried by Canadians in the same time by 260 per cent. These are figures that need no comment. They are figures that no other country of  « size can surpass.
1895: Canada::~bacco, Confectionery, Patent Medicines, Sta- Dominion Opposition asks us to introduce ploy ment for women, and Josephine Adams tlonery, etc.	. t  —Emnire	Hath bone of a girls life and work at the Oui-
1895: Canada::~that he had been sent out to  they need to begin it amid new eoenei and
1895: Canada::~A statement of the accounts of the Irish parliamentary fund just issued shows that  oontributad last year £3,049.
1895: Canada::~Prices lower than any house in .
1895: Address JuMN KlilTH JPrlncIpal J152 Bant St •~ Ottawa, Canada._____
1895: Note—~AH enterprising merchants in every tows in Canada sell our seeds.
1895: CANADA::~OF .
1895: Canada::~Direct and exclusive connection with the offices of the Western Union Telegraph Company in the United State* and , (over 21,000 In number): also through Canadian Territory. with the Anglo-American. Direct and American Cable* to Europe and countries beyond: and direct connection with cable* to Went Indie*, Central America, South America and Bermuda Inland*.
1895: CANADA::~TORONTO, ,
1895: •~nd Mr Morn, enter, the cabinet without the contact animal, in Canada to be trao l J USt Openeu up turn p
1895: Canada::~M.jo, O.ner.1 Herbert, Commander of the Militia in  has gone to Eng ruai7i 1885. land on 6 months leave of absence. It is In the case of Or roe there 'muet.be •ttached
1895: ¦	I V I	fl I a »»~d painful effort, and sounded an alarm	^ eent to tn- address in Canada or
1895: Kev. Father Lnugevin will he consecrated Hunter on a charge of surving their twenty- Pans, which arrived at New York on Sat- ” *DnUa rePort of l*ie Geological | batons from tlie Queen's own hands. Archbiship of St. Houiface, March 19.	year-old aullion Raven. The horse was	nrday, were Mr. D’~Aroy McMahon, of the	Survey of Canada, for 1892, the lecturer	The Queen in her 87th year of power
1895: Canada::~liver had not been removed.	,ln order to be relieved of any possible	used in  amounting to 707,603 tone, names, the Maori name of "Hula."
1895: Canada::~against 171,821,249 in 1893,sod 160,948,425  has the only productive mines in Infant Jesus, alleged to have been paint* 1
1895: Canada::~Bi Ottawa, .	^Samples sent to any address.	able,	I	Teac hk.
1895: Canada::~self aa  ia coming.—Buffalo Time*
1895: Canada::~conquer this great country or the idiotic m Witpaper who thinks that  will
1895: Is at tho present time disturbing tho trade of (l*<* 6000try. How muvh rnoro will ii disturb and unsettle trade if, upon tr-v’ ofa Polic* of exPansIon ralher lhan » Liberal victory, It nlmuld bo nut in contraction, of expenditure at the present time, and under tho present circumstance»~, 1 have faith in Canada, and believe it will come out of the existing world's trouble increased in strength, relatively to the strength of other countries. Mr. laurier and
1895: United States:Canada:~operation? I am a believer in a tariff so adjusted that the raw materials and other things that we do not produce shall come in tree, and that the taxes shall be levied on the articles we manufacture, thus giving incidental protection to our manufactures and work to our people. This was the policy inaugurated In Sir Alexander Galt and Sir Francis Hincks, two of the ablest financiers it will he confessed that Canada has had, and that lias been Sought to h i continued, particularly in the readjustment of the tariff, by Mr. Foster. We can rely upon internal competition low ring the prices of the manufactured article, a* has been found in the  and here. Each y* ar the competition has been bettering the quality and reducing the price of the manufactured an ides of . This ii indisputable, I do not believe in giving our markets, manufacturing and agricultural, to the Americans and other foreign nations and getting nothing in return."
1895: his friends would appear to be in favor of ‘~Little Canada' and hid 'pendeuce. I am a believer in Greater Canada and Greater Britain. The Little England party, great as were its lead rm. is a thing of the past, and the party of Little Canada cannot hope to have a large success. The times and that party are out of joint. This is conspicuously the age of union and progress. In the inn guagd of Lord Rosebery, ‘The British Empire is the greatest instrumentality for good the world has ever s-en.’~ Let us maintain it. In iny opinion Mr. Laurier and his friends must have a larger faith in Canada, a larger desire for its rapid development, a larger appreciation of the glory and inestimable advantages of a continued and closer connection with the Empire, before the Canadian people are likely to entrust “Whet do you think of tho Liberal ‘hom with the administration of at
1895: Canada:United States:~Will be sent to any address to  or the , by mail, fr« ni now till the tirât of .July (4 months)
1895: Canada::~lions We in  can only adjust ourselves to the situation as host wo
1895: t an, and we have not made a had show, ing in our capacity to do so so far. This i* not a time, in my mind, for tariff experiments. Abe Lincoln express od it prop rly when ho stated that it was a poor time to swap horses crossing a stream, and if our peopl • should be so stupid as to support a policy at the coming election as would ho absolutely an experimental one they will see such a fur her drop in values as this country has n ver experienced. This. I feel confident, is tl e opinion of tho leading bankers, merchants, farmers, and professional men—In fact of all who are conversant with economical questions. These people know that the tariff is not the cause of the depression, but the economical changes—the rapidity with whirl»~ all countries are being developed through steam and telegraphy. Canada has had a wonderful development and prosperity under an incidental protection tariff. Let us not attempt to disturb It. Sir Oliver Mowat; Mr. Blair, the Premier of Now Brunswick ; Mr. Fielding, the Premier of Nova Scotia ; Mr. Peters, the Premier of Piliif-e Edward Island ; and even Mr
1895: England:Canada:~Dr. Barnardo has sailed from  need, for  with two hundred and fifty lads under hi# care. One hundred children To replace the wooden bridges on the from tne Strangeway Horn*',in Manchester,
1895: Canada::~Council of London will ask the Legislature lads will leave in a short time for . Tab»» Killed While in a Gambling 4|nar- ^ ^ j. j ^
1895: Canada::~Mr. J S. Larke, the Canadian Commercial Agent, in Australia, reports to the Dominion Government that trade between  and Australia may be developed very considerably if proper representations are made, and suitable goods shipped, though, as he points out, prices are very close.
1895: Canada::~federation that  build a tunnel The Duke of Aosta, nephew of the King we may, therefore, turn for consolation to	s	„----*------ must likely to approach. “The mouths of
1895: CANADA::~LARGEST SALS 1* .
1895: Canada::~Sir U. H. Topper took the floor to reply to Sir Richard Cartwright. Hon gentlemen must amuse themselves with extraordinary stories regarding their opponents, and whatever truths there might have been in recent rumors, ho (Tapper) had not been obliged to go to his constituent! with a certificate of character as Cartwright had. Dealing with the question of trade, he pointed out how fortunate  had been as compared with other countries. Dealing with the Remedial Order, it had to be put into dictation-al, but not necessarily offensive language. He trusted no member of the Manitoba Legislature would for a moment be misled by the utterances of Mr. Laurier,that there was any disposition on the part of the Government to assume tht role of dictators, or to use language that could be considered in the slightest degree disrespectful. He agreed with Mr. Laurier that it would not be wise to thresh the question out uutil the Manitoba Legislature had taken action.
1895: of eau>.m and r«.[»~ot .v.rywh.re paid to w 4 He tru.ted tb, pieeent negotiation, the memory of th. deceased etateeman. , jo unton of th. ..land ,o hay. been gr.atl, appreciated by th, people thu ,r0|n lhe ^.clic, which laved the of Canada.	golden sands of British Columbia, to the
1895: United States:Canada:~introduce a bill to remedy this and similar defects on the part of railway com The price of oil, which went up with I panies, which,he hoped, would meet with a rush m the  a couple of the unanimous approval of the House, weeks ago, and was promptly hoisted in Mr. Haggart said that the information  also by the Vet relia oil men, has Mr. D.vlin asked for was not in the de been dropping again. The American partaient, but he had given instructions press is asserting that there was no real for the officials of the company to be ask-scarcity of oil and that the increased ed for it. It was a deplorable thing that price was due to a scheme of the Standard railway .employes should be for eight Oil Company, which was desirous of spur months without their wages, and he dug on the search for and bearing of oil | thought something should be doue to
1895: tion, that no one would venture to compare the two. The Government epeakers also got the best of the discussion on the , tariff. There ii no measurettiat cm be ap plied to the business of tlio tw o countries which does nut show that since the sum»~ aier of 189 J Canada has been more pros•~ I perous than the United States. This fact has been recog îisod and commented en by observers in Europe as well as in America. It has been clearly stated by the leading newspaper supporters of the Liberal party. Nut a fact has been ad yaneed to establish that this superior position waa not due to the Nat al policy tariff. When business in the United State
1895: price for what he wanted, w hen mille were shutting down by the sco e and turning their workmen into the streets. Canadians found fairly steady employ ment, and Canadian manufacturers n moderately good market for their product The volume of our exports kept up, and the amount of our importa showed only ; «fight falling off. The failure list iid assume alarming proportions. The bank-earned fair dividends. Mortgage oblige tiona were moderately well met. Uad Can •da, unfortunately, adopted the polio) which the Liberals advocated at the tin,, of the last election, accepted unrestricted u ei procity and made the two count rie»~ commercially one, every evil that came upon United States business would hav come upon hers, and the conditions of the two countries would hive been alike and evil. Canada escaped the worst of he, neighbors misfortune because tin majority of our people in 1891 declared for the Conservatives, and so kept hei commercially independent and safe This is a statement of facts, not a theory, %nd it justifies the Conservaiivej and the
1895: Canada::~Will be sent to any address in  or the t ni ted States, by mail, from now till the first of July (4 months)
1895: Canada::~protected five times as long us ours. I tho policy of tlm Opposition is adopted in  similar and indeed more disastrous results will follow here. Our | MISS ANNIE McRAE
1895: Canada::~Eastern  have arrived at Winnipeg	1	tlti car «coou'itsnts	at their annual	the count's relations are Roman Catholics, adopted in tne Council « report.	Instead
1895: Germany:France:~Owing to existing treaties between Great Britain and Austria, and Great Britain and the German Zollverein, Canada has now to give to Austria and  the same tariff concessions as she has agreed to give to . This is the additional legislation that is necessary before the French treaty can go into force.
1895: Canada::~g^OR the lateet and beet line of ^>oks an l1 Bibles in , all mise# and price Terme liberal. Write for circular*.
1895: Canada::~two hearts beat as one took place at Thorne extent equal to that of (be whole charter- StOCK belore Ordering on the 17ih for on i hat occasion Mr. Isaac *d capital of the total banks of  lartin sad Miss Minnie Agnes, daughter could not become law without causing of the late William Schwartz, were united 8erioU8 disturbance to those interests, in the holy bonds of matrimony wish them bon voyage.
1895: Canada::~^ Ottawa, .
1895: Canada::~v	,	.. ,, trade policy were not present in ,
1895: y blue boük-,the. P*'d °-‘’ifti "î~,4he sums of hie speech were : The ability of railway companies m Canada is ,-'i o, .. oDDOsition to govern, their economy
1895: England:Canada:~The Irish Nationalists re- leaves for  in a few days in con mam unchanged at 72. The total is uection with the argument before the Privy 540 compared with 855. Since the council of the case as to the right of progeneral elections the Unionists have won vinces to pass prohibitory liquor laws,has eight seats, but on the other hand they b^cn appointed to discu*e tne copyright have lost four. In so large a body as the question with the Imperial Government Imperial House of Commons this state of in respect to the request that an agent affairs cannot continue long, no matte* be sent from  for that purpose, kow united or anxious the majority may | Sir Adolphe Caron to day laid on the
1895: Canada:United States:~8 a. m., and t> p. in. Maikot days (Tues- Will be sent to any address in  or days and Saturdays) ferry will run from , the , by mail, from now till
1895: United States:United States:~Burlington, Vfc.t May 30.--Canadian authorities are interested in the discovery of one of the greatest custom frauds ever known to the Dominion. The laws of Canada allow the free importation of corn from the  for insilage purposes, while on corn used for feeding \, purposes is laid a duty of 7 J cents per bueheC The large amount of corn imported from the  for these u) alleged purposes, aroused the attention of Captain A. A Mooney, who for 18 years fias served as Customs officer at Manson ville, P. Q. One morning while examining a lady's baggage, he overheard mark between two gentlemen which led him to mnke a more careful search of the
1895: Canada::~gaged in promoting trade relations between  and South Africa. He will confer with the
1895: Canada:Canada:~The annual meeting of the  Atlantic nnd Ottawa Armprior A Parry Sound railways held at Ottawa on Wednesday last Mr. J. R. Booth was re-elected president of both roads. Mr. Reorge Parley was elected vice-president, and Mr. A, W. Fleck secretary treasurer, of the  Atlantic. Mr. C. McLachlin was elected vice president, and Mr. Wm. Anderson secretary treasurer of the Parry Sound road.
1895: “ Sell her,”~ said Stipple, before his wife citizens. That It is also a good manufacture . 1 he V1ac Machins Company is one of the trs(le profefll to be getting fair remittances, could answer.	ing centre Is amply attested by the large best equipped plants in Canada, and they M	ie rsther easier, and call loans are
1895: Canada::~desirable location in all  for manu, ™ln8 necessary for ^ the carrying
1895: For twsntyone years M. Frost A being boomed on most satisfactory pros-Co. have carried on an extensive business pects. The prices, however, seem high for in the manufacture of high grade show results attained. ... The wh«dv«ai«~ dry cases, bank and office fittings, mantels and goods trade is fair, good-sized orders in fact anything made from wood by ma- coming in for sorting up parcels, an : ohinery and skilled labor. Their show- travelers reporting a steady increase in case trade *s one of the largest in Canada, orders for autumn and winter goods. A and they cheerfully furnish catalogues of «light improvement is noted in groceries, their goods upon application.	Uned fruits continue low while this season •
1895: Canada::~As before, at irregular intervals he factoring concerne, awoke, eat up in bed and drank milk, but W. \\. Chown A Co., proprietors of the on these occasions he gave no e%idence Canadian lin and Stamping works, are that he remembered what had transpired known throughout the province am one of or what he had talked about while amleep. the largest manufacturers of dairy supplies His spells of wakefulness never lasted more in the Dominion. They make lanterns, than three quarters of an hour, and there stamped and pieced tinware, the celebrated were frequently ten weeks between them, patent Empire State milk cans, cheese The peculiar power of foresight,olairvoy- hoops, presses, vats, etc. Their trade in ance.or whatever it may be, has grown up- manufactured tin extends from coast to on the man, and he Is now put to use by coast, and is constantly growing under a farmers and curious persons who are careful and enterprising management, desirous of knowing what the weather is R. 8. Graham is one of the largest progoing to be or what the future holds for duce exporters in . He exports to them. There are hundreds of men and the English and Continental markets women living within a radius of twenty- cheese, butter, eggs, green apples, in bar-ûve miles of Ringoes whose faith in Stipple's rels, farmers' dried apples, and evaporated ability to correctly forecast events is solid apples, waste and chops. He ie at all and Arm as the hills. People come from far times ready to buy these articles or coneway to have the man tell what is in store aign them, giving the seller his option in for them, and the contribution of money the matter. He represents the best houses from that source has enabled Mrs. Stipple jn London, Bristol, Liverpool, Glasgow, to surround hereelf with all the comforts Hamburg,Bremen,Rotterdam,Copenhagen, of living.	Amsterdam, Bordeaux and Havre, and he
1895: United States:Canada:~It ie evident that Stipple knows nothing has good business connections throughout of what he does in this line, for when he is Canada and the , awake he takes up the thread of existence The firm of L W. Yeomans A Co. has at exactly the point were he dropped it a been established in the wholesale and retail few weeks before. He has now beer in this drug business in Belleville for over a quart-condition thirty years, and whenever he er of a century. They are also proprietors becomes conscious he asks if John is doing 0t the Dominion Herb Co. and the Kennedy the chores and inquires about breakfast. Medical Discovery, and are also the sole Hypnotists, electricians, Christian soien- manufacturers in  of Scott's Emul-lists, herbalists, homeopathists and quacks ei0n of Codliver Oil.
1895: Canada::~he went through the ice with hie bride, and	o. B. C- by the	Premier	of ,	the
1895: A census of the population of the Terri- When the bier was taken out and the torie»~ tf Canada, taken by the mounted removed, it waa found that the, position of
1895: Canada:Canada:~Mr. Henry Corby, M. P., is so well known as a distiller and miller throughout Canada and United States that only a mention of hie name is sufficient to bring to mind the products of hie manufactory at Corby ville, where lie has an immense capital Invested in one of the meat completely equipped distilleries in . He also owns the beautiful and far famed Massas saga Hotel and park,one of the beet known and moat beautiful summer resorts in .
1895: Canada::~A curious circular letter, addressed to the farmers of , has found its way to the office of the Toronto Mail and Em-
1895: Canada::~At Ottawa on Thursday last, before the Committee on Agriculture and Colonization, Mr. A. O. Gilbert, manager of the poultry department at the Experimental Farm, delivered an address on the subject of Poultry raising. The point of his remarks was that the farmers of  would find it profitable to devote attention
1895: Canada:usa:~The American Tobacco Company of Foreman Frank A. Grover, of the Roches-, with a capital of one million ter Gas and Electric Light Company, while dollars and headquarters in Montreal, has work on Thursday evening, received a V-eu incorpore ted.	| eh>ck of three thond volte of electricity,
1895: Canada::~Advices from the High Commissioner for  at London state that the third annual exhibition of the English confectioners, bakers, grocers, biscuit maxers, etc., will beheld in the Royal Agricultural hall, September 21. Canadian manufacturers in these specialties can be represented at this exhibitibn if they so desire.
1895: Canada::~Bordeaux timber merchants are importing supplies from the Baltic. Timber from  is still taxed the maximum tariff, pending the ratification of the treaty.
1895: Canada::~The Canadian Gazette state# that Major-General Herbert will return to .
1895: Canada::~A bush fire at X\ ahnapitae last week |  destroyed a ‘set ” of shanties belonging to the Emery Company and a farmer lost a mart) and colt In another bush fire.
1895: United States:Canada:~The visible supply of wheat in the  and  decreased 2,122, 000 boeheie the past week. The total is 41,237,000 bushel» as against 53,154,000 a year ago and 59,325.000 two years ago.
1895: led muzzle loading shot gun and went out side, where he tired a shot to frighten j CdS/i, them off. Cnfortunstely he kept the muzzle in his hand, and by some means the gun was discharged, the contents If reports printed as coming from coun striking him in the groin and passed up ^ tb® prisoner are correct, remarks wards into the abdomen. Hein was at the Montreal Gazette, undoubted proof once procured, but the wound was of of Short is’ insanity has been obtained and »uch a terrbie nature that he only aurviv will be produced at the trial. The accus ®~d about three hours. Mr. Brandon ed is represented as having been notori- proprietor of the Massey hotel and car oualy out of his mind for years. The ned life insurance to the amount of $ii,000. jury, however, has the decision of the It would almost appear that Mr. Brandon matter as it affects the trial, and they b^d a presentiment of an approaching may m their Consideration of their duty death, from remarks made to Mrs. Bran-take cognizance of the fact that his friends, Jon and the settling up of a number of instead of confinii g the alleged lunatic to small accounts around the village on the an assy urn sent him to Canada without a J previous day. label. If all prisoners' counsel >ay was to be taken as unquestionable there* would be few crimes punished.
1895: Canada::~Mr. Taylor wished to refute the charge of cowardice made against him in the Farmers'Sun recently, reept t ing his remarks In the Houes as to the combine t>etween the  Cordage Company and the termers Binder Twine Company. He was prepared to prove hie statements, and would be glad to do so before a commit tee of the House next session.
1895: Canada::~Mr. McMullen asked whether the Government had received any official information of the wreck of the steamer Mexico off the 8.rails of Belle Isle. The vessel contained the first cargo of dairy produce sent from  by cold storage, to know whether the company intended to make an immediate provision tor another shipment, and w ini at was the Government's intention with regard to further experi-
1895: Mr. Uuimet—The correspondence already •~et on foot with the Imperial authorities is not concluded, an answer not having been received to the representations made in the last report by the Minister of Agriculture. It is the intention to continue to press the claim of Canada in this matter.
1895: United States:Canada:~Salmon, fresh, n.e.e., one-half cent per pound, provided that such salmon may bo . ..ported free of duty upon proclamation of the Governor - i n-Council, which may he issued whenever it appears to hie satisfaction that fresh salmon may be imported into the  from  free of duty.
1895: Canada:United States:~Sawed boards, planks, and deals, planed or dressed on one or both sides, when the edges thereof are jointed or tongued and grooved, twenty-five per cent ad valorem, provided that such lumber may be imported free of duty upon proclamation of the Governor in Council, which may he issued whenever it appears to his satisfaction that similar lumber from  may be imported into the  free of
1895: Mr. Foster, on item of 11‘~26,533, required to pay the Allan Steamship Company for ocean mail service between Great Britain and Canada, moved to strike out the words “ Allan Steamship Company,” to enable arrangements to be made with the Domic-line, where thought advisable.
1895: ¦~ the latest and b*it line of Books an Z1 Bible# In Canada, all sizes and prios Terms liberal. Write for circulars.
1895: CANADA::~LARGEST SAI E IM .
1895: ¦¦¦ II ¦#¦~ two gallon* rlculturo for Canada. Prices low. Terme	I ¦ ¦ U
1895: usa::I Bigger than any other, better than any other, with over five acres of selling space and over a thond employees. Think what thpt means—~a whole town under one roof, and every class of merchandise that goes well together. It sells Groceries as well as Dry Goods, Bicycles as well as Shoes, Furniture as well as Housefurnishings. Easier to tell what isn't here than what is. We buy in the biggest markets, sell on the closest margins and do a business aggregating millions of dollars every year. We have thousands of customers in small towns and villages all over Canada, who appreciate the advantages of
1895: Canada::~Central  Exhibition Ass n.
1895: Canada::~The Central  Exhibition, Otta- al the a*e of 60 f™*j The deceased was I	will feel deeply his loss. He was th»V*	h! rateP67era wil1
1895: Canada::~m which companies at Ottawa and Wood*  to enquire into the existence of	*„ #Y !rd bV tnc expi. eiaxi which	Hastings..........Oct.	1.2	department, and of these five only one bad
1895: Canada::~f the association a committee of loading The wheat crop of  this year ex -1 medical men from the five leading pro* ceeds that of Great Britain by several voices was appointed to consider the submillion bushels. The British yield is es- jeet, and in their report they express,	,	s	. .
1895: Canada::~In the course of time it dies ; the doctor present. The next place of meeting "will gets from fo to $100, the undertaker $25 bo Montreal. It is proposed in the future to 90 ; the editor prints a notice of death, to have a day set apart to bo known all and an obituary two columns and a half over  as Foresters day, and to be	»	»
1895: CANADA::~WATEROUS, BRANTFORD, .
1895: Canada::~the  Atlantic) and refuse to let Moved by coun. McRae and seconded trains run until their wages are paid. by coun. Armstrong, that the mayor call
1895: \ g,x,d M,„ in y ur district to repreaen: I 'ZnS"JdoM'if the ‘‘~Foothill Nurauries of Canada,”—ov cording to law.
1895: Canada::~mrmvAfl r a wo iwHonr Hfttwllee4.	Mtended the Central  Fair at Ot- the evening entertainments, as the day K°inK down her throat the insect stung and is said to contain about 3,000 names»
1895: Canada::~Ottawa, .
1895: reasonable education	|	«. janiet#» Mid Solomon, “I worn't born balance of £~5u0 owing. Under the old state was going to Canada, but ne evidently did
1895: CANADA::~I AROCST SA1C IN .
1895: CANADA::~WATEROUS, BRANTFORD, .
1895: Canada::~contemporary if it can only get the coun-The exports of , for the months I to apply it. But our workingmen of July and August, of this year, show j w\\\ warmly l,t the Liberal party make an increase of $2,316,775 over the same j «• niggers” of them.—Mall, months of last year. Showing that the
1895: Canada::~lion of English agriculture, occurred at A monument to the heroes who fell in the sale of Langdon Abbey on Thursday, defence of  at Chryaler'e farm on
1895: Canada::~the parliament of  be memorialised following important announcement re to cause a plebiscite on the question of I spooling the special taxes which the pre prohibiting the manufacture and sale of #e|lt government found it necessary
1895: CANADA::~tABtttST SALI IN .
1895: Canada::~the intelligent reading public of  to
1895: Canada::~Kiecutive Council, but its purport, many people will agree with roe, is not likely to differ from the reply just sent in answer to the remedial order. But as this is s matter in which the whole province is largely concerned, the tireen-Government will most likely prefer that its action should meet with the approval of the Legislature and should take the form of a| Parliamentary resolution. In this wav the message to Ottawa would convey the sentiment of the people of Manitoba more thoroughly than an order in council and would have greater weight throughout . The Premier has probably no fear that his Government's action will not be endorsed. He is morally sure of carrying it
1895: United States:Canada:~there is no reason to suppose that he states the case otherwise than fairly. But the Times ia perfectly indifferent to the merits of the quarrel between Venezuela and Great Britain. The Times insists that the  has nothing to do with it. * * * At the very moment Dr. Spraight was delivering this sensible talk, that blatherskite Bob Iogsrsoll was making a speech in Bloomington, Illinois, in which he said he wanted this govern ment to annex , Hawaii and Cuba. That is the sort of foolish talk of foolish men which is at the back of this demand that we go to war with Great Britain in behalf of a parcel of semi civilized Spanish Indians who ought to be made to behave themselves.
1895: Canada::~The record of mercantile failures In  during the past nine months, as made up by I)un & Co., shows a decided improvement over the corresponding period of last year. The number of insolvents has declined from 1,514 la 1894 to 1,339 in 1895. while the liabilities have receded from #13,109,716 to #9,028,*08. The failures this year are thus classified
1895: Q™**. IV.—~LomiaCnj^ 1, tagan Hus was one of the beat dredges in Canada, Iexpenses of Thomas Lewis' child during There is also a literary department, for *•***? Maryie Tung 3, Betsy Glen a 4. costing about $30,000. There is an ioaur the month of January 1896. -Carried. which the contributions of
1895: Canada::~Good winter Apples, Greenings, Baldwins, Spies, and  Reds, @ $3.25 a bbl.
1895: CANADA::~arpm than there are able-bodied inhale	.	contradicts the statement that there tain extent for a decline in the demand, fire, disastrous to life and property,
1895: Saturday Night : “I wonder whatoaeoould •~ay about tnie book that would iaduee the Intelligent readies public of Canada greet U with the whirlwind of approval its merits deserve. ... It la os# of the greet books written by Canà~dlaas. , of the stories are located In Canada."
1895: ¦~ get better in Canada. Horae Boots, Blan .
1896: Canada::~Parliament of . The contest wss Prof. H H. Dean, of the Ontario A* °*°?ar af*d B1®** which gives the desired , —^	. ¦agsa
1896: miuent distinctness, even, to thst of the ?ur °~khe*e,,# \ored,t to Canada, but Langeher., the Pacauds, the Tartes, et al, not “ the ^«er, he continued Canad
1896: Canada::~FH hereby given that application will be 1 made to the Parliament of  at It* next «canton for an Act to revive the Act to morale the Kingston and Pontiac Rail-Company. and to extend the time* for commendngand completing the by authorised.	A. FKROUHON,
1896: 1SHT donné par le présent que demande AJ sera add rusé~e an Parlement du Canada, a aa prochaine session, afin d’obtenir an %ote re ouvelant l'acte constitutif de la com psg-nie de chemin de fer Kingston et Pontiac : ei et aussi de prolonger le delai fixé pour ooin-? piété l'enterprlae de la Compagnie.
1896: Canada::~TH HEREBY GIVEN that application will 1 be made by the Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway Company to the Parliament of  at Hu next session, for an Act to revive Its power to extend Its railway to Pembroke and to build over the Ottawa River the bridges necessary therefor ; * Iso to revive Its powers or to extend Its time to construct Its railway to Haul! Hte. Marie and to am	mm mm _	Matt wa: also to authorise It to amalgam-
1896: Py3T donné^par# le^ré~ant que la Compagnon #lu Pacifique s'adressera an parlement dn Canada, â sa prochaine session, afin d'obtenir one aete renonçaient son pouvoir de prolonger sa vole ferré* Jusqu* à Pembroke et de construire sur la rivière Out-souals les ponts nécessaires A cet fflht ; aussi renouvslent ses pouvoirs ou
1896: Canada:Japan:~eious failures of the past and a distinct sent to all parts of  and the given as the boundary of Venezuela on , forestall the ese in the exclusive an* large, and prospects for the im-ai»i»~ieciation of the fact that the moat United States.	tlx* official map issued by the depart- r.x*-101 vP? °î t	** they . mediate future not very bright. Later
1896: Canada::~Unquestionably the leading Commorotal Schools in the Dominion; adrmtaeee beet tg ; moderate rates; students may enter at any time; write to either school and mention this paper.
1896: Canada::~take an imitation or some other remedy PArte ot , and the enthusiastic j y OU 3SK IOF, and pay for.	Church Street. Toronto | The Bed Red wine,
1896: canada::~i ARfsr*r sai r in .
1896: CANADA::~WHALEY, ROYCE A Co., ISS Y% nge St. TORONTO, .
1896: Canada::~To each of the first three person# in every city and town in the Dominion of  who write The Alabastine Co.,
1896: CANADA::~TORONTO, .
1896: Canada::~We are pleased to note that the Government has sent a quantity of Baking Powder manufact ured by XV. G. Dunn & Co. of Croydon and , with the
1896: Canada:United States:~Representative Corliss of Michigan has ter- The total amount to be voted and introduced in Congress a bill to exclude | authorized by statute is $41,230,681, a British subjects, residents of the Doroin-1 decrease of $1 TO,242 from the amount ion of  from coming into the ,fit I***- The principal increases are  during tde summer months Public debt (Sinking Fund) $250,083 and engaging in the mechanical trades superannuation $37,000 ; Militia $372,* and labor. He says they come over to » Railways and Canals $86,540 ; Pub*
1896: Canada:Canada:~The Liberals profess to believe that Mr. Foster also had something to say I Protection injures commerce and that of the way in which Canada had come Free Trade helps it. Experience through the period of depression. Out- easily answer this question. Let us see eide authorities have spoken of this as a just how the Liberal idea of Free Trade monument to the stability of 's acted upon Canadian commerce. The position. Mr. Foster was less extrava* Liberals took office in 1873 and retired gant. He quoted from the address of the in 1878. The following figures show the President of the Toronto Board of Trade, effect of their administration upon the ex-which said that 1896 had been a year of | port trade of  : qeiet recovery from the depression of 1893 and 1894. The restoration had not been
1896: Canada::~the experience of  is opposed to
1896: lmmediâtô~ly Leave Canada. cation and other necessities until he at-	---- time within six days neat after the return of
1896: Canada:Canada:~are at liberty now and out of , and held with George Bryson, jr., shall be rows, harvesters, reapers, agricultural ,	I PUunderment/oned* LANlfs^and 'tknÏ
1896: Canada::~their counsel, raised the point that they dollars shall be paid to my executors each |  should accept that offer by admit	h°flell In tbecoun^ aSf.d|h;.	tSWlid with
1896: Canada::~leaving  for ever.	J and education of deserving students.” I division.
1896: The Indian contracts this year call for Canadian products, as for example “~ all bacon must be Canadian cured.! This is bad news for Mr. Charlton. It Indicates that Canada is not dependent upon the United Suites for supplies, as was formerly the case.—Mail,
1896: CANADA::~THE MERCHANTS BANK OF , a body politic duly Incorporated, having Ite chief place of business In tbe city of Ottawa, In the province of Ontario, Plaintiff ; against • he Good* and Chattels, Lands and Tenements of CAM ILK TURP • IN. of the village o, Bryson, In the county and district of Pontiac, In the province of Quebec, Defendant, and John MoD. Halns.nf the oily and district of Montreal, In the province or Quebec countant. In Ills quality of curator to the abandonment of property made by tbe said defendant, to wit:
1896: Canada::~our fixai represent ativea throughout  and I he United Stale», who er® *° **rtUy eecaiKimg the effort# «.»• IOf<^,!nua "leetlng of the share hold- I of the management in building up the " - be British America Assmanco buaines# of the Coinpeny.
1896: CANADA::~i AROF.rt SALE IM .
1896: Canada::~it has been  »
1896: who talk of annexation are weak ; thoee banking and financing would go from a who prate of independence, if they be place where they were no longer needed, sincere, are imbecile. Independence Securities of every description would never will end never can, be anything shrink, and their holders be ruined, but a breaking of the fall—~a gradual and And for what? Simply to enable another humiliating preparation for absorption by million souls and several hundred million the United States. The doctrine of an- dollars to be swallowed up in the ultra nexation is alike cowardly and fallacious, misery and ultra luxury and corruption of It is cowardly, because it is an evidence the City of New York. No, no. Canada that its advocates distrust themselves. It is good enough for the Canadians is fallacious, because it proceeds on t e country needs no borrowed or i assumption that it is Canada that oinus embellishments from the stucco and would annex the United States. These buckram of a day old. Let her remain sophistical and fliby enthusiasts will where she is, a cherished and conspicu-piove to your satisfaction that New York tous member of an Empire on whose will give place to Montreal, mud Wash- dominion the sun never sets, and whose ington will come to Ottawa—the less will j influence is ever on the side of hum mu y absorb the greater, and a part will con- and justice. This is her proper place, tain the whole. If such a doctrine had this her natural sphere ; and rich in the any basis in the nature of things, one association of all that is noble and good, might impute to its votaries the quality it may be her destiny to take a stand one of courage, but as it runs dead in the day on this continent as the testimony to teeth of all experience, all history and all civilization and right, and so serto the common sense, it must be stigmatized, as race in a way she never could have served the very quintessence of everything that it, had she became an uudiatinguiehable is foolish, sophistical and idiotic.	unit in a corrupt and heterogeneous po
1896: Canada::~ad tan trade. At this time  was making excellent headway, and would have continued mo to do, but for the ao cident of a geographical position which threw her alongside a neighbor who had the power and the will to crush out every atom of national life. The States, with their usual hot house process of forcing everything, had exceeded what every, body else had overdone. Their produo the tion, going on at a compound speed, soon outstripped their power to consume, and a suffocating home glut led to an irregu lsr and disastrous competition with the trade of this country. American manu facturera, in their necessity, sought the usual rented be found.
1896: Canada:United States:~mote, or too well taken up already. Can ad a, though small, was near at hand, and would as far as it went, furnish a convenient dumping ground for goods sold regardless of ooet. The patriotic arrange mente of American manufacturers to pro tect their home customers did not apply to . The price fixed for New York and Boston had no connection with any price given in Montreal. An article fixed to be sold, in the , at ten cents, could be offered heie at nine, eight, seven or any number of cents which an agent could get for it. Nor waa this all. The distributing trade was also threatened. In those pre National Policy days, it was no unusual thing for agent to come over here and fill up the wholesale trade with goods which, bo fore there was time to move them, would be sold, in further lots, to retailers at a still greater reduction. What was going on was a brutal and irresponsible abuse of superior force. It was not business at all, or competition in any legitimate shape or form. It was simply a cruel and predatory system of wrecking a friendly market, and destroying the vested inter eats of a friendly people.
1896: London, Feb. 22—~The first note of the opposition to the Government live stock exclusion bill comes from the Right Hon. Herbert Gardiner (now Lord Burgclere) the late Minister of Agriculture, who protests in the Times against the irrevocable exclusion of Canadian live stock. The letter will probably arouse hostility to the bill in the House of Commons, though the Conservative ministers claim that Canada does not really object, desiring to develop the dead meat trade. The Westminster Gazette ssys the Liberals cannot consent to such a direct lapse from free trade.
1896: Canada::~But this id not all b lilies are still open to  she has done is but an earnest «»f what
1896: In this dilemma it was felt to be ditifi- make nations and men cult for any ambitious and self respecting much value that has not cost eff *rt some nation to call “halt,” and take the lead time. Great responsibilities yield in standing by to become a hewer of plenitude of comfort, “~Uneasy lies wood and a drawer of water to the rest, the head that wears a crown.' There is To refuse good, elegiblo and honest em- no royal road to empire. It cannot be ploy meut may appear quite absurd and helped. It ia the ordained order of irrational, but it will never bo an easy things. The kingdoms of men and thing to get a civilized and cultivated the kingdoms of the gods have to bv, people to consent to plough the fields, dig alike, taken by force. Meantime, the in the mines, and do the general dirty plain duty of this country is to go on as work of the world in exchange for the she has begun. Her own right arm will finished goods of other nations. Canada, bring her the victory. The practice of as the first daughter of the greatest man truth, industry and frugality by her peo ufaciuring country in the world, naturally pie will avail her m ire than a thousand participated in the general progress. At quack nostrums cone *c»~ed by those in an early period in her manufacturing ear league with her enemies, eer, her woollens were the justification of Men who fear their own shadow and their being. Cottons followed with simi quake under multiplied responsibility^, lar success, and, even before the advent seek shelter under a power greater than of the National Policy, Yorkshire and their own. Canada has r o use for sooh Manchester had lost much of their .Can feeble and half hearted guider# Men
1896: Canada::~The number of licenses i**ued by the i The cheese induatry of  in 1896 Ontario government for 1895 was fewer brought 116,000,000 into the country, than for 1894	and the butter busmen #1,000,000.
1896: Canada::~**cad Office, Ottawa, *
1896: Canada::~the advantage of  and the Empire, as a whole, that a small duty (irrespective of any existing tariff) be levied, by each member of the Empire, against foreign products imported by them, and that the proceeds from such duties be devoted to purposes of imperial intercommunication and defence," and the dehate was con tin tied until midnight when it was adjourned on motion of Mr. Powell. The debate has, on the whole, been interesting, but by no means so unanimous as was the ease with Mr McNeill's “loyalty" resolution, or the resolution moved by him four years ago, in favor of preferential trade.
1896: The total collections on account of ;*'rial House of Commons, said that the 1,01 “~V 8luonK I he islan Is of the Grecian Crown lands in the Province of Ontario Government had received a strong pro- : A*umpelago having failed to material-during 1895 amounted to $89,090.03. Jtest from Canada in regard to the pro- ilzw-The defences in Esquimau are again posed permanent exclusion from the j B is thought pndmhle in Washington being strengthened. Seven now heavy , Vidled Kingdom of store cattle. The that Congress will vote one hundred
1896: Canada::~winter terminal port in  instead the British Parliament that 72 cases of .. 1 ,,e Italian Government refuses to	V1,	,	,	. x 1Ark- "11111,1	,, to the Eg>ptian Cabinet that 1,000 Un-
1896: trict durimr the oast year is re nor ted lrul>«~>rte(l from Canada since October, Samuel L. Clemens (Mark Twain) is 1 ou u try letters in the Montreal dis-	decided to defray tbe excuses of
1896: WANTED All Over SiT % W %»~* Canada to gather old jjj» ypjy 0 eZj Postage Stamps. Money made easily Prices paid tor many varieties. Send f lar giving instructions. Old collections bought ROBT. RENNIE, BOX 522, TORONTO
1896: CANADA::~LARGEST SALE IN .
1896: The candid opinion of the Halifax Herald:— “~On the school question Mr. Laurier has shown himself to be a mere trickster, on the trade question a mere shuffler, and personally ho is in the hands of a notorious gang who have proved themselves unfit to be trusted with any public affairs. What elector having the good of Canada at heart can see in Mr. Laurier or his lieutenants to support is a mystery.”
1896: Canada::~U. S. grown trees, berry plants, roses, shrubs, hedges, ornamental trees, and seed potatoes, for the only nursury having testing orchards in . We give you the benefit of our experience, so your success is guaranteed. If you are not earning $50 per month and expenses, write us at once for particulars. Liberal commissions paid pabt time men. Farmers sons should look into this !	11 pays better than
1896: Canada::~The trade returns of  for the ***** nine mon the of the fiscal v#vur ehow an increase in exports and ins-porta of $11,526.817 over the correei»ond-ing period of the last fiscal year.
1896: Canada::~Largest Sale in .
1896: CANADA::~OF .
1896: Canada::~Mend Office Ottawa ,
1896: r ¦! ni T. * ÏVh ag°~L J U? W,ith / 10 the fall or unable to swim. It is believed go i# said to have 100,000. In Canada it Craig Block and the post office will place L^at fifty or sixty persons were drowned, i# estimated that 200,000 would bt> sold
1896: In an annual importation of nearly a hundred and twenty million dofe»»~, Canada ought to be able to mike a considerable, dimtilacament having first won a name for shipping prime stock in good niaiketable condition. From the reception her eggs now meet with in Great Britain it is very clear that she has won such a name.
1896: The circumstances in which this vigorous and promising export trade originated are worth recalling. When the McKinley tariff came into operation in 1890 it put hii end to the big egg sales we in «~de every year to the United States Its duly of 5c. a dozen on eggs was practically prohibitive of importations from Canada.
1896: will give him all the legitimate opposition "»»~ bo permanent. If it had not followed the course it did, the egg raising industry in Canada would have succombed we find the Advance, and more especially to the McKinley tariff, and certainly
1896: Canada::~meanwhile engaged in pereor.alIy booming try in  to its fate. But under the	Vanaaian 1 WeeUS,
1896: Canada::~U. S. grown trees, berry plants, roses, shrubs, hedges, ornamental trees, and seed potatoes, for the only nursury having (House & Sign Faiute r testing orchards in . We give you the benefit of our experience, so your success is guaranteed. If you are not earning $50 per mouth and expenses, write us at once for particulars. Liberal commissions paid part time men. Farmers eons should look into this !	11 pays better than
1896: Canada::~Toronto, .
1896: Canada::~genco upon  if the country did not K '	The gentleman in question,
1896: Itlako was forced out of parliament by tho ^Anti-Canadian policy of Sir Richard, and Mr. Laurier became a shoutcr (or unrestricted reciprocity—~In other words, for handing Canada over to thv Anjtri-cans. Ho believed In Great Britain and ill reciprocity with the United State*. A nice patriot f
1896: Canada::~Mr. Laurier has a new trade doctrine for every town ho visits. He forgets that the people of  read the newspapers. On the night of June 28 he will find that they have not been deceived by him, the political whirligig.
1896: uas nearly fi-led with water, but with	working in the bush. Mr.»~ Allen was	Canada suffers, to some extent, from
1896: Canada::~Largest Sale in .
1896: What are the sweetest things of earth? lsaid he in reply, ”~1 am as well a man and knowing that it is of the same Lips that can praise a rival s worth ; as I ever was, and I attribute my cure force and effect as if made under oath, A fragrant rose that hides no thorn;	to Dr. Williams' Pink PU Is, and to	and by	virtue	of	the Canada	Evidence
1896: Canada::~Hrad Office Ottawa .
1896: Canada:United states:~dating before 1R70 of  - ProTlnoaa,  : ala# Bill und Law Hiarnpn bought. Good Price* ^ ^ ^ AUAMti, 7 Ann tit., Toronto, OnL
1896: Canada::~Largest Sal* in .
1896: CANADA::~BRANTFORD. .
1896: Canada::~. M You will always find the most sticks around the best apple tree." The great Evans A Dodge 80 Gear Roadsters, with four point bearings, are today the best abused wheels in the Dominion of ,
1896: duties. The Liberal tariff for revenue j shall be glad to cater to their future MOD S, cOfS & L3Ü1CS FnmiSUlJ!£~S| ! paired begill tillS SCftSOIlS WOfk policy is affecting trade in Canada in ex- wants by supplying anything m the above	in every line, that will attract
1896: Canada::~testing orchards m . W e give you I y rUf fUlHAmi/ 10 the benefit of our experience, so your sue- NT ff unULltKY of the French language, into co operation remedy the grievance of the minority cess is guaranteed. If you are not earn-1	I
1896: Canada::~Ther|owest ora nyP tender not necessarily however,  cannot expect the com government by an almost solid French accepted.	mercial privileges 1 ere that the various delegation from Quebec. The double
1896: Canada::~The  Soul hern Railway Co.has Umtali and Salisbury.	posted anything serious as 1 sat with
1896: Over 82,446 three pound samples of Hio Janeiro advices state that mcri- a terrible nightmare. I reinemlier giv-¦eed grain have bmtn sent from the Cen- defalcations have been disclosed in jng ^he add r. sa of my friends to an of-irsl Experimental Farm to tb» fannera ‘he cuatoin bouaee at Buenos Ayres and . (icia| lwin wnduct„~| to a ward, mak-of Canada between January 3rd and at ottnioê.	®	.	.
1896: Canada::~The Brantford Courier remarks : There is no room for a permanent third party in A sad drowning accident occurred at I , as the recent election has shown Raglan on the Madawaska river, on Mon- The McCartl.yites and the Patrons each day of last week. A boy, sixteen years of I 8onl three representatives to Ottawa, age, son of Mr. .James Comerford, of that These two factions were simply used as place, left his home that day to go to a cats paws by the Grits, and the McCar neighbor’s and get a boat to crossover the 1 thylte and Patron members will be no Madawaska, but the boat was not there, ' wirthly use to their constituents. They and he ventured to cross on a saw log.and j	taken into the confidence neither
1896: ¦~rad O flier Ottawa Canada.
1896: Canada::~treal, in which the present standing and	who comes to 	for his holidays	| XX.Lv
1896: “~lie followed the fortunes of Mercier, I	safer in Canada than in	hie own country,
1896: Canada::~in some of the corruption that went on in icans, chiotiy from Texas and Southern that corrupt regime. It looked as though States, have signified their intention of Tarte was done for then. The Tories re moving north and settling in  if garded him as a tell tale, and turn coat ; | the money crisis does not soon pass over, the Liberals as an instrument which had done dirty work for them. But Tarte was bound to rise. He made himself useful to Mr. Laurier, and finally with his knowledge of the Conservative and of the
1896: the Liberal leader. And although the L1*»™11®~ the other day. He was apeak-name of Tarte all over Canada is syuony- l,18 !n ^'or .r* Farte, who was for-1	_
1896: CANADA::~j,	.	Conii>laint» un- N-ing ma,I* that tho 'hr nJil, of uVl^uV^liriUoi. with ourl* f*1'v o*Iv t° uj»<tor«tan«t. It w	WHY 811K IS INFERIOR.
1896: Canada::~Owned and controlled by leu ding Toronto bust-necs men. Best hhorthand College In . Handsome prospect us free.
1896: Canada::~Largest Sale in .
1896: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1896: Canada::~I am authorized to announce that all Policies of the Mutual Reserve Fund Life Association, issued in the Dominion of  will hereafter bear the following endorsement :
1896: “~This Policy and the Premi-urns thereunder payable in lawful Money of the Dominion of Canada"
1896: Canada::~W ATE ROUS, Brantford, .
1896: Canada::~The features that have characterized all thus far taken place under Liberal ausni Liberal Governments, in , federal cos, even to the lines upon which the
1896: blushingly pointed out, as was done by ^much^’tô tn.mute The '"’~propels Premier Hardy of Ontario at Owen Sound, and prosperity of Canada, and which in in Mr. Paterson's interest two nights be- Opposition would steadily direct its ef-fore the election, it must, inevitably, have ^ort8 t^° accomplishment of the same
1896: England::, now on a tour through this con Finance Minister Fielding says there are «~tineut, is at present visiting the cities of some supplementary estimates also,which Canada	I will swell the total to considerably more
1896: Canada::~fer than dogs for carrying purposes, as j elections come off in  as a whole
1896: Canada::~to take, the women of Britain.  f£.t	«var no^Ü/tAlMe are comfortably and prettily furnished, Fhlnese P<!licti “ not known, hut then- prayers to the goddess comfortably
1896: CANADA::~CENTRAL  EXHIBITION ASSOCIATION.
1896: A great number of our citizens as well bles,”—~that noble medicine for delicate as the residents of the surrounding coun giri8. Two boxes post paid for 81.00 try, attended the Central Canada Fair at Address Allison Mod Ottawa last week. They report the fair superior in many respects to that of form H *8 reported that Bishop Sullivan has er years.	definitely decided to resign the Bishopric
1896: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa .
1896: Canada::~The Central  Fair at Ottawa closed on Saturday last, and was a success both financially and from a spectators' point of view. Although the weather was not nearly so favorable as it was during last year’s show, the receipts from the gate and the grand stand were only $24 less. Last year they were $21,644 ; this year they were $21,620. As a result the directors will have a good surplus over expenses.
1896: Tall Corn.—~An ^exchange says it is doubtful if any man in Canada has raised taller corn than Mr. W. It. Grace of Prescott. He cut some stalks the other day that measured 22 feet, and most of them had two or three ears, which in two or three cases were 24 inches long.
1896: ? large, fin*If-equipped, old est*blinked tut ion—~NON! BETTE* IN CANADA. ftmrinesM Education at Leweet P Graduates always eure*».ful. eatalo.ua w.
1896: Canada::~Largest Salk in .
1896: Canada::~States has reacted upon  in many
1896: CANADA::~FOR .
1896: Canada::~in 	1	Gifts aggregating to 11,368 000 have period laaty oar, or an increase of near- higher bench lands and the ninal 1er starting point at Gladstone, and for
1896: ¦~ead	Ottawa Canada,
1896: ground line ou the other shows a com	<»~rry on throughout Canada and else-	for hia home on the fatal evening. The	rtvmgat	”r: “,,|?ierB* 4tbe doc torn found
1896: Canada::~Some person in  ia flooding the
1896: canada::~Itching, Burning Skin Disease I A large, finely snipped, old-eetahllthed 1 CURED FOR 85 CENTS.	[ g*tom-*onk better in . Baa#
1896: Canada::~SALE in .
1896: Canada::~c-xle of civil procedure of Lower , are
1896: Canada:United States:~ and the , I have confidence in being enabled to give
1896: “~On the 24th of November, 1846, the Rev. A Melville, formerly of Perth, 0 W , entered on the pastoral charge of the Presbyterian people of the township of Bristol, Clarendon, and Litchfield, in the district of Ottawa, O.E , under the name \ a id style of the congregation of Bristol V and Litchfield in connection with the Presbyterian Church in Canada So ends the first minute of the session records and with that date begins the history of this congregation. Although occasional services were held previously
1896: United States:Canada:~Wisconsin and New York cheese makers resort for the. purpose of palming off their make on the British market as the product of Canadian factories. Of the j46,004,6 >0 pounds exported from Canada in the fiscal year ending with June If95, 9,776,322 pounds were from the . This, Mr, Alvord suspects, was passed through  that it might be reexported as of
1896: aùî~y is a banwiit and w ill remove the 1 be student hv I)r Sandras Thu _*49" from the end of each chop bone. w hen baking biscuits, always brush made <in Canada, the injury to our
1896: David T Hughes, formerly of Bristol, i now of Long Island. N. Y , is on »~ n.it ******, BOOTS, to friends in Canada. He spent a few ye with his daughter at the post office. I Moulding8y Blinds, Thoa. Palmer has removed for the win I
1897: ¦~tad Office Ottawa Canada,
1897: Canada::~in any other town or village m  ; qUeeqon which will suggest itself to every at the same time it is understood that thoughtful man is, “Why did not Mr.
1897: Canada::~6. It is a great source of pleasure for me to testify to the world of the curative powers of Doan h Kidney Pills, and I make thin solemn declaration conscientiously believing It to be true, and knowing that it Is of the same force and effect as If made under oath and by virtue of the  Evidence Act.
1897: »~ elude in blecertificate, under articleTOOof the code of civil procedure of Lower Canada, are or hereby required to make them known ac I cording to law. All opposition afln d'annuler afin de distraire, afin de charge or other oppositions to the sale, except In case of Venditioni Exponas, are required to be filed with the undersigned, at Ills office, previous to the fifteen days next preceding the day of sale; oppositions «fin de conserver may be filed at any time within six days next alter the return of the Writ.
1897: Canada::~w ill be utx)lif>hrd by both  and	\	Trouble exists between the president	the	Ambassadors	at Constantinople | my head."	track,	and	when	the engine struck	this
1897: Canada::~Wm. E. Tisdale, of Dry River settle, merit, fourteen miles from Pilot Mound, in Manitoba, was frozen to death in the recent cold spell that was felt so severely all over .
1897: Canada::~trade between  and the South ***	. .	.	,	.
1897: Canada::~Supreme Court of , ha# been railway wa* held m London, when a	The British military post In Urnan. amlulance was called, and Mr. Inoe v«ip.ovw.	It consisted of a father
1897: Canada::~instead of the pure honey.	t	States Circuit Court of Appeals.	on the part of all  for the re- gtoct companies „ivii ,	,	and red at Ontario points. There is a
1897: CANADA::~FROM  TO INDIA
1897: Canada::~Ow ing to the expected accouchement it will not be possible for the Duchess of York to visit  this year.
1897: Canada::~If the invitations were ao r. Chamberlain continued, the Premiers would be the guests of Great B'itsin. (Cheers ) Replies to the in vnationa he added, had already been ie ceived from the premiers of  and the other North American colonies, the Cape Colony and Natal, all of which were extremely gratifying.
1897: The D un inion Government must pass an alien labor taw.” So said Mr. Stanley Henderson, of Vancouver, B. C.t to » Journal reporter in Ottawa a few days •go. Mr. Henderson said several American mine owners and contractors in the Rloean and other mfiling centres of British Columbia who had ah aolutely . refused to employ Canadian •~ wmkmen in mining and in the building of tram-roads and other transportation lines he stated that if Canada did i at once it would be useless for her to act at all, because there were ao many American employees and employers representing such a large amount ofi capital, that attempt to deport the workmen and enforce an alien labor law would undoubt edly cause international complications to arise.
1897: Canada::~Mr, Laurier then anticipated time than he has experienced with the] Calumet Island school question, and Sir Richard wrm more assured then than he is now that the people of  wanted ‘Hhi last vestiges of protect on swept away, but the “~sunny ways of peace" still remain overcast, and the Tariff Commission IMM far as ever from finding any dtspon amongst either the producers or the Burners in Canada toward the “~free trade as it is in England/' about which Mr,
1897: Canada::~IleadOlllrr Ottawa ,
1897: Canada::~mouth	I . While the amount involved
1897: Canada::~(During the past year I have had opportunities oc visiting some of our more important agencies, and I have been most favourably impressed with tbs representation which the Company has secured throughout both  /Tuennun	***»~ kwitk	*****	I	I and the United States. I feel that in
1897: Canada::~that have d. veloped in  under ll,	d lhl, he will he ,„k " priw.ner.
1897: hy which îh^y are * ;»!• * «I employer make* a dollar profit ho #;** r 111 the puiuliast* f m rial m -upp'l.», <ii paymonr in opéraiivvs, fr m lei. * wen y five The c •iiiiuum y'a mtereh is in ihe larger fUiini I'hi-re sie mam profim be-id< a that of the employer do owned in the permsnence of such diahur ment. This i* where the workeis’ lutei* est in the i at iff changea ap|tears, and it I* the greafest of all. In «he p rod of very deep trade deprea»~i "ii hi Canada, be « ween 1874 and 1879, men who owned closed f/«clones were not the ones wh
1897: Canada::~The Directors are pleased to call attention to the fact that the head office building is gradually filling up, and that there is every prospect that in the near future* with a revival# m business, it will be fully occupied. In the meantime, in view of the incorrect impression occasionally sought to be made, we are not saying too much when we state that the building is paying fully as well as any similar building in .
1897: Canada:United States:~The Directors have had under consideration the question of going outside of  for business, and. while it has not been definitely decided, it is quite probable that, subject to the ap uroval of this meeting, the right to do business in some parts Of the  of America may be sought for at an eaady dais
1897: Canada::~The second session of the eighth Par-1 equilibrium between income and eipeudi liument of  was opened at three
1897: tension tbst railway are apparent, and I ^™1“ddreuv”ly”~here ln Canada by *" re" VOU. Call early, have no doubt you will gladly approve of	****
1897: Canada::~It is desirable that the mind of the peo pie of  should be clearly ascertained on the subject of prohibition, and a mes sure enabling the electors to vote upon the question will be submitted for your approval.
1897: CANADA::~i	.
1897: Canada::~Sir Donald Smith, High Commission j The Dutch steamer Utrecht, which that all the village cemeteries in Styria ex for  in London, has arrived	.	^ supposed to have founded at sea, |	were full of arsenac.
1897: Canada::~Works of .	. • ,
1897: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ",
1897: Canada::~We have now in stock a right, beginning with the old j large range of Black Dress fashioned  Straws at Goods. Intending purchasers 5c. each up to the fashionable should see them before buy-
1897: United States::~poses. So far from doing so, he seconds Conservative Government discriminated was thin morning received from the bosrd that measure by inviting outsiders to in favor of the  as compared directors in Paris. This is t he ’~argent compete in the market against our own wi+h Great Britain. Two of the most industry In St. Johns, and great remits woof raisers. While the United States significant changes the Liberal Govern- were expected from the late change from proposes to exclude our wool, he facili ment has made have been the putting of »~ private 00m paov to ^powerful syndicate, late# the entrance into Canada of wool | barbed wire and binder twine on the free It was’~the Mention of the new propnet products from the United States. Inde- list. Barbed wire and binder twine are ore to have extended the buiin daring that he could be provoked by the only imported from the United States, materially by the equipping and opemng Dingley bill to place a duty on anthracite Canadian factories are being domed, of Ike new and commodious factory built coal he shows a surprising readiness to ! therefore, not to help anyone in Britain, efter th. late hr*, which has since been sacrifice further the interests of the far- but to give the United states mamifaotur unoccupied, and Is the property of the mer for interests to which he is more par ers a better chance to strike their com pet* eyndicate. Consternation reign* among tial. Another part of the tariff to which |itors in this country.	the workmen thrown out of employment
1897: Canada::~about 760,000 bushels in the visible, supply in Uto tiled States and , and a decreaee of 1,440.000 bushels in the amOJiot afloat to Hu rope, get her the total is 63,600.000 bushels, about 32.000,000 buebtda leas than a
1897: com parait ively u Lion. . Timber suited to the construction of building»~, i*iblic works and other similar uses, must of necessity l e exported ia a rough condition. But there are many wood products which cdild lie made advantageously in Canada if mankfacturera could oltain the necessary information of trie market's
1897: in wholesale ciiclea at Tor__.to, is mure hopefiol, and many merchants look for improvement. I’~ay-meiQils are mill sakl to be backward. Iirt the number of failures throughout the country are comparatively light. The advance in wheat baa been help-fijJ, bast prices of this staple are still relatively lower in Untario than at ports across the border. The United States tariff on wheat has worked against tb-v interest of our growers this season. Had we reciprocity in t bis cereal. Canada would be getting 10c. to 15c. a Uutib-4 more. The reason is that the crop of winter wheat last season \n us comparativey small in the United States, and the high prices there are due to the demand of domestic millers, while in Ontario the supply seems to be more than Sufficient to supply our requirements. ' There is little or no change in prices of general merchandise. Money is pleritifi.il at unchanged rate», frime commercial paper is discounted at 6 per cent., while call loans an choice collateral are obtainable at 4 1-2 per cs#Blp#H|PP|jB meats are in demand with bank? shares firm and Montreal higher. There was a good dieal of realizing in Cable on Tuesday, but sinre then this stuk has
1897: Canada::~Down the hill the frightened ItaJ-ians ran, and they <trved into the boat like rabbit* in a warren. After the battle the men in  who had headed the riot walked up the village streets, mating threats against contractor* Craig & Craig, and a tolling what they would do to prevent any American labourer* from working on the new track. Scene *aid that they would kill the first Italian labourer who wa* brought across the border, and other* threatened to burn down the houses that had been built upon the ground* for the accommodation of the workmen.
1897: Editor Jou.nsl A good de.1 baa been ^"^"o^Vod^.^JoWr1 Stotem°ntS written during recent years regarding the mo#t tomake wmselt deserving of that honor Montreal, Ottaw a ami i «vurgian 1 ay t tm l devoting hie energies to the service of the audit nn»y appear to some people tint 0Ounty, whose roads ami bridges, now much MJflkio| nn re on that subject Would be ln „VVti of repairs, had not received assist-superfluous, but it is a woik of such im« auee in proportion to the amount of revenue iiïï~M!nUL' = portance tu Canada in general, and ,hl. (onc.,u,h of the»ho„) contributed by the ods, you should take a course with us. Our Ottawa > alley m particular, that an) county to the provincial treasury. Before fact lit to* are excellent; our teachers, the thing pertinent to the subject ia of vital resuming his seat Mr. Gillie# read a copy of
1897: Canada::~end than the Ottawa canal.	The National. Star Building. Chicago.	*tf% ami everywhere 1,**by uU rl
1897: Canada::~Head Onice Ottawa ,
1897: Canada::~Control  Eiiitioi th
1897: Canada::~meats ever exported from . I Mrs. Thos. Eudes a son
1897: Canada::~cial centres, and give information in re	Windsor.ont. . " Magnificent programme of Special Fea-
1897: Canada::~that still lingers against Canadian| products, and will make it plain that a new era has arrived and that  can now produce stuffs of the best quality.
1897: Canada::~in August, regular shipments of these	0	exhibition of central . The best
1897: Canada::~Central  Fair.
1897: Canada::~Mead Office Ottawa ,
1897: Canada::~Thrilling and impressive thoug spectacular productions at the C  Fair in the past have been, the historic spectacle. “The Taking of the Bastille’~1 which is to be presented ttys year is said to be the moat elaborately equipped production ever introduced in Canada. The soldiers of the capital will take part in its presentation and the fireworks will be the most brilliant ever seen in the city. Besides the spectacle a choice program of stage attractions will be carried out every evening during the fair which commences on September 17th
1897: Canada::~The directors of the Central  Fair have spared no expense to make the Ottawa exhibition this year the best in the history of the ssaoeiation. The prize list of the exhibition totals $15,000 and in addition forty five gold medals as special prizes. In the horse department alone eighteen gold medals are offered as specials. There are eight in the cattle class. Farmers will find it to their advantage to exhibit-at thia year’s show. There will be a choice program of special ties and the grand spectacular “The Taking of the Bastille” has been arranged for the amusement of visitors. No extra charge is made for the evening entertain
1897: Canada::~Hauw of Common# of , enacts
1897: Canada::~eon. cxMiiiKuiy, partntxrship wr corporation. in my manner, be pwpay the Lr untfartuLuNU, or in any way to aa-hiet or encourage tflwe importation or immigra lion of any /alien or foreigner into , under contract nr agreement. parole, or spécial, express or implied, made previous (ho the importation or Immigration Vf such, alien or foreigner to perform la/t>our or servies of any kind in f'auada.
1897: Canada::~to  of # character mmilsr
1897: Canada::~port at ion of tibu person whose labour or U contracted for in , tduill be void and of no effect.
1897: London, July 30.—~With reference to the denunciation of the commercial treaty, the Timee this morning again compliments Canada and Sir Wilfred Laurier, the Canadian premier, on paving Vue way for a further conaolidâtion of the Empire,
1897: Canada::~the Got eminent, which under other j ate price to pay for the movement which circumstances,it is said, would have suffer- J  has initiated with mo much happy
1897: Canada:France:~fried and Leroy Beaulieu, some painful ,nTbe folb,win8 conditions must be fui-knocks, hinting that religious ceremonies b. e(J ,n on?er entitle the municipals were nut interfered with in  to tle? *o receive the Government grant the same extent as in , nor were LriThe mach]ne mu8t be approved by electoral ballots tampered with nor th® Government.
1897: Canada::~Central  EiUtioi th
1897: Brutaelli July 30. Le Soir publishes Wa.hington, D. C„~ July 20. -The I Canada.
1897: Canada::~exhibition of central . The best
1897: Canada::~Bold In Shawville at Dr. Knox's Drag Store and everywhere In  by all ¦pooelble druggists.
1897: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1897: fU|Ur0n.rticul^™er 9th' See P°ete" for	wer“~, st the station to do the honor, | from the West. The obsequies were	then	Canada Atlantic Railway and the Hudson
1897: Canada::~_	_ .	.	.	I Store and everywhere iu  by all re-
1897: United States:Japan:~ed of fish. The annual catch by Canada Secretary Sherman has replied to Duke and Duchess were received at and the  is seventy thou- 's note regarding the annexa- the castle by Earl Cadogaa, the Lord sand tons.	lion of Hawaii. Mr. Sherman mam- Lieutenant of Ireland, and by Ooun-
1897: Canada::~The Largest Preened Brick Works In , in all color*-Red. Huff. Brown, Ac. Man tel» a specialty. Head Office :—
1897: Visit Ottawa's Exhibition this year and be convinced that it is the “~ up to date " exhibition of central Canada. The best season of the year to visit the Capital of the Dominion
1897: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1897: Canada::~A Dublin despatch says it is reported on the highest authority that Baron Edward Gibson Ashbourne. Lord ( bancel lor of Ireland, will soon succeed the JCarl of Al>erdeen as Governor-General of .
1897: Canada::~The Birmingham Poet says the Government of , early next year, will make large purchases of heavy field butteries and a nuinlier of defence guns, the latter lieing for a new scheme for the defence of Montreal and the river Wow.
1897: speech against a proposed motion of cen a .beet of flame which so completely daz raiser of roots, upon the tope of which, 1 he ^ f bar Provender Mill is sure upon the local M. P. s for not giving ber that she was unable to leave the with weeds pulled from amongst them 90 to 1UU bushels per hour, more patronage to the Liberal party in building before her clothing caught fire, ®~nd an occasional "jag" of silo corn, he We have also one of the Best Buck-Ottawa. Mr. Leblanc said that if such a snd ahe wae burnt in s most shocking | has fed his pigs all summer, and they look wheat Milling Plants in Canada, hav motion carried it would bring the name | manner. Her mon and husband found
1897: Canada::~Windsor, Ont, . I
1897: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1897: Canada::~week that Dalton McCarthy ia likely to be appointed Chief Justice of the Supreme -Court of . The salary attached to this position is $8,000 a year with extras.
1897: Canada::~land for  on Saturday, having according to a cablegram, successfully | duetry floated his Ottawa and Georgian Bay
1897: Canada::~Toronto, !
1897: iU	t..iÿÏL’~KuifS	CANADA PERMANENT
1897: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1897: Canada::~For every unoccupied district In  ta h«II our high grade Canadian Grown Nub-»*kt Stock. Kver/tree and bush guaranteed free from Han Jose Scale. Liberal term# to part time men, and good wage*# to thoae giving their entire lime to the work. Tbe demand for good home grown and acclimated nursery stock in on the Increase.
1897: Canada::~Toronto, *
1897: Canada::~We have also one of the Best Buckwheat Milling Plants in , having a capacity of from 40 to 50 barrels
1897: Canada::~Largest S^le in .
1898: Canada::~Head Office ^Ottawa ,
1898: Canada::~a man seeking familiar seen s. I here w as just light enough fur him to see that I he long dit h marked farms of  with their stone houses, had teen left behind, and that I he less pio tureMiue farms of the States stret bed out from the tra-k. Settling himself lack in his seat and including the other smokers in his audience he said:
1898: Canada::~great lakes would be kept more uniform if the forests were of greater extent. All political parties in the province realize that gnat forest wealth of Ontario must lie well husbanded. Including manufactures of Wood, as well as plain lumber.  sells more of the produce of her tr es than of any other crop she has. From $25,000,000 to $30 000,000 in value of the forest pi" ducts of the Dominion go to other countries yearly in addition to what i# used for domestic consumption, and of this amount Ontario provides the major part.
1898: Canada::~miesioners who were expected to preside uiade to  by Li Hung Chang.
1898: Canada::~their services, so that we very much Store and everywhere In  by
1898: Canada::~gave a For every unoccupied district In  to very pleasant “ at home ” New Year's "e,! °“r hi*l‘ «rade Canadian Grown Nur-eve A very enjoyable time was apenJ?^^ Ev^t^e.»dbu.bau.r.nt.ed
1898: Canada::~Toronto, .
1898: Canada::~...	.	.	... I" Hhnntod the child #it wiU cheer ,K>th X011 and me }t you The Bay of Fund y in , has survived it woul 1 to a,* a cripple.
1898: CANADA::~LARGEST S'LE IN .
1898: Canada::~I pearance,which created nota little amuse- , 1,1 . ce* and which had made  I ment and interest. The Rev. Mr. Kalem .at it was to day, an object of admira-and those who took part spared neither k!on to , whole world, they would con time nor patience in their efforts to make tl.liue to advocate now they were in Oppo I it a success.	sitmn.
1898: Canada::~We have also one of the Best Buckwheat Milling Plants in , having a capacity of from 40 to 50 barrels per day.
1898: ¥tAL^IFF.SF *£~HB SUPERIOR COURT Our thanks are due to the Minister of Canada Atlantic Railway at Ottawa, near neftr|v double and the expenditure has which remains on the ball. A select com-
1898: sible, has been again displayed by the of a vote which is solid on one issue postmaster general in attempting to over out regard to the general wo »~ U It is officially announced that the On ride the arrangements to which Canada | Violation of the law by magistra es an
1898: Canada::~inaugurated in this city on Wednesday I For every unoccupied district In  to
1898: Canada::~Toronto, .
1898: Canada::~It was hoped that the climate of  tempsrance and public and political mor who * lsh to make advancement, And the	°
1898: Canada::~tor doted by reference to , say all hustlers looking for a good thing. Our
1898: Canada::~the Premier of  during the jubilee in temperance. He held that total ab« Blood Bitten has the mod natural action celebration and upon hia return home, j etinence was the safe course for all men on the stomach, liver, bowels and blood of The complete fiasco in reference to the and a high Christian virtue when honest- ^y	kupwn,	hence its effects
1898: Canada::~only will doubtless be the subject of decaying vice in , thanks to the | Biliousness, Bad considerable discussion, and the Opposi, true temperance workers, and the thou tion will deem it their duty to call atten sand fold influences of Christian civilization to the manner in which all the posi- tion. Should, however, prohibition be tiens taken in Parliament by the Govern attempted, it will assuredly revive the ment on this important question have horrid vice, and help even to make it been proved to be entirely erroneous, ex- fashionable again.
1898: Canada::~me rage.	Store and everywhere ln  by all re-
1898: Canada::~General Middleton, who commanded the forces in  during the North ^ West rebellion of 1895, died on Tuesday last in London.
1898: Canada::~Association of , snd each gets the Association Diploma, particulars to
1898: Canada::~We have also one of tho Best Buckwheat Milling Plants in , having a capacity of from 40 to 60 barrels per day.
1898: Canada::~' I Commissioner for , and, far above
1898: Canada::~of , and that the Parliament
1898: Canada::~Windsor, Ont., .
1898: ••~The Courier du Canada is displeased th, iev bode of Klondike,never Uirete . because I refused to g<. to the slaughter j dlcl lllHt on Dominion D.«y, 1902, house with Sir Charles Tupp-r and his will be able to stand at the hack of c dleagu ‘8 a' : he ejections •>( June, 1890. tjie parliamentary Library and see a pro ‘Non only had pry lence, he tells 111 e* cession of boats carrying the cereal pro •when the blind courage of	despair	was	uf the West	and North West from
1898: Canada::~The results of the business for 1897 of tbis progressive home company. as published, and \ articularly referred to by the " Monetary Times," 's leading financial journal, in its issue of January 28. 1898. clearly shows the unexcelled finan ial position to which this company has attained, ai d is a guarantee that the company is a good one for its policy-holders.
1898: Canada::~Throughout , from the west- wv-re ira attendance before he regain-$rn boundary of t ntario to the Atlan- ed consciousness, fn all these cities tio Ocean, there ia no name more w ide- and towns the newspapers freely men-\j known in temperance and evangel- tinned his affliction at the time. Mr. letic work than that of the Rev. W. A. Dun nett said he hal consulted many
1898: Canada::~We have also one of the Rest Buckwheat Milling Plants in , having a capacity of from 40 to 50 barrels per day.
1898: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1898: burin* die j.u„t m-mtha we hate received i c«~>nimuiiicatir>nx from intentons hankers and liuiike of the nonunion of Canada Ah they are all of the game general trend and uwk the name quohtiomi, Ve lute de élit *MI . *h on,‘. and our reply ha a general urn
1898: Canada:England:~ is : The stock cost the promot-is era who created it nothing. For years desperate efforts have been made to We repeat if you will answer the float it oa the investing public of New above questions we will consider our- . To that end trickery and selves in your debt, as we do not wish manipulation have been employed, but to put our clients into any hazardous without avail
1898: Some months ago when it was utn •~olutely unsalable and its nom in 1 price $5 per share brokers were employed to give it the appearance of great activity on the Boston Stock Ex-* change. This was done by one broker selling quantities to another in league with him. By this means the price was bid up to from 820 to 825 per share, and is now held there by the same means and whenever genuine orders from Canadian investors are worked up in Canada the stock is purchased from m	I
1898: from a study of your pamphlets that you uot‘~ only consider this coal enterprise extremely hazardous but little less than a svx indie, which we cannot concile with the respectability of its sponsors. Again, can you not give us a reason for the effort that is being made to float these shares amongst the investors of Canada, when as we are assured they are in strong demand in the American stock exchange. Yours respectfully,”
1898: Canada:United States:~Your letter received by ua, and its contents noted, and herewith we send you the information you ask for. First believe us when we say that we hold ourselves ready to answer for any assertions made in the book and news- j caaion a genuine United States order, paper statements bearing our signa- . fictitious. We advise you strongly not ture, also for those contained in this to aJlow your clients to invest in this letter, and we are prepared to defend | worthless stock, for as soon as your any action that may be brought against | Canadian investors, becoming tired of us in the courts of  as we have holding It and waiting for the misreg in  courts. We ask you refutations that have been made to bear in mind that we do not make be fulfilled, attempt to sell, the ap-equivocal statements hedged about parent market price of 820 will dis-wlth technical evasions that may leave appear and they will lose their inveat-loopholes for escape from legal re- , ment. If you have doubt of the cor-nponaibility ; that we are a reeponsi- recto ese of our deductions, come or
1898: Canada::~The feeling throughout the country *very congregation in .
1898: Canada::~the Methodist church of , to dis ^nd pays his wife $100 a week alimony.
1898: Canada::~concur m the verdict pared to admit that direct taxation necessary consequence of prohibition. One thing is certain, that the six or sewn million dollars out of the revenue must be made up in some way at least at the set. He had promised before to submit the question of prohibition to the people of  aside from any other consider ation. NVhat he had meant was not to connect it with the franchise, gerrymander or other issues. He had never said that the question would be divorced from natural consequences, and everything in cident to the issue must elusion, the Premier stated that he perfectly open to conviction and wanted to be fully seized of the opinions of all classes
1898: The Wood f-'oiii g»~any, Windsor, Ont., Canada.
1898: Canada::~every occasion, and more particularly on expense to the people of  nomination, that I would vote for the evil was one he thought required ________-_________. I repeal of the Franchise Act on the very edy, and therefore he submitted the bill
1898: Canada::~chise Act passed its second reading cm . fide electors of , and not by a lot	NFWh papers to PAY postage.	V.ti ,hti transmission of newspapers
1898: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1898: That Hood’~s Harnaparllla is Canada's
1898: Canada::~Limited, Srantferd, .
1898: Canada::~sawdust in tho rivers of  went into j permitting a number ot Austro Hungar J>M”8Mpp,lcall°11 to *muhW(iEO°BLACK, •fret on Monday. Thtobject aimed at in j tan offioera to join the Spanish tl tg. The I *	rhoruby r o.,Que.
1898: As usual with him, performance followed clore upon the heels of promise. Tho distance between Chicago and the sea board has been greatly shortened; the the largest ships afloat on fresh wa-er carry cargoes from Lake Michigan ports I 10.15 to Depot Harbor, and the Booth railway iQ 40 lines carry them to Montreal via Ottawa. 111.05 It is a great achievement, and worthy of m 30 the “great heads”~ of the Canada Atlantic, n 55
1898: You cannot make a mistake in attending thin college. We teach business as it is done In the business world. Remember there l* only one Ottawa Business College r» d itisTiin Business and Shorthand Training 8chor. of Eastern Ontario. Remember we are affiliated with the Business Educators’~ Association of Canada, and each graduate gets tho Association Diploma. Write for particulars to
1898: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1898: Canada:England:~1 only found one abroad "who refused a tip. and he was a guard in the Hank of England. If [ had not left my (kodak iiehind I would have taken his picture. As our nd ship  was alout leaving Liverpool landing stage, one of our u;M8en#GT"s, holding a handful of change, shouted out in a loud voice. "If there is any man. woman or child here that (l have not tipped since have been in . I am prepared to do it now."
1898: The number of the faithful of the Orjtl j ^h^sTme purpose m 1897-98. What party who have “gone to their reward is ^ ri?8Ujt vf Dr. Aylen’~s investigation is daily increasing and promises to aEsumv of Cl)Ur96 unknown, but there would seem large pioporturns before next session. bo absolutely nothing in the charges The last vacancy in the House of Conn mans, which is announced is for Levis, the late member, Dr. Guay, having bu n appointed general superintendent of quar was drowned in antine in place of Dr. Mont z unbert. I Templeton. The young man, who was who has been superannuated, after n but 24 years of age, had left with a few service of thirty two 4years. Dr. Mon- friends to spend the day in the hush, tizambert is only 55 years of age. is in They went to Hurtubise creek, which is a the prime of life and in robust health, abort distance from Gatineau Point. At and has the well earned and well desorv* ter partaking of a good supper, the young ed reputation of being the greatest auth- man went in for a swim and soon went ority on quarantine matters on this con I down, shouting for assistance. Cramps tinent. His superannuation in order had seized him as he was clinging to the that a place may be found for a hide boat. The young man is well known in bound politician, like Dr. Guay, is little, Hull and his death is much regretted, if anything, abort of an outrage, and will certainly not tend to improve the position of Canada with foreign nations, as it will tend to materially lower her standing on matters relating to quarantine.
1898: Canada::~Bigger and far better than e.ter before. That's what the Central  fair for 1898,to bo held in Ottawa, commencing Sept. 10th, is going to bo.
1898: Canada::~12.30 p. m. from  At-
1898: Ottawa, July 1.—~All the section men on the Canada Atlantic Railway and the Ottawa Arnprior & Parry Sound Railway numbering 400, weufc on strike today for higher wages. They are paid #1 a day and have been negotiating for some months for a year’s agreement at $1,10 a day. Finally the railway authorities refused to treat with the men as a body, but only individually. The men then went out on strike, ani now demands $1,25 a day. This is a very serious mst... for the system, as it mav lead to further trouble, and a practical tie up at the busiest time of the year.
1898: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1898: Canada::~of  Guarantee and Accident
1898: Canada::~dier, and lias seen active service in many lands. His appointment to the position of Governor General of , is favorably commented on by the British press, and
1898: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1898: Canada::~The Government ef  announce
1898: Canada::~44 The Ottawa route will do for this ! Sixteen persons perished by the sinking part of  what no other waterway of the French fishingschooner La Coquette pfoject can—open new territory for oo- i on Saturday, Sept. 20ih, off the Ban a a of The reported failure of the Russian cupation. In the Temiacaiuing district# Newfoundland The schooner wm sunk -wheat crop will be likely to impress Cana-1in Ontario and Upper Ottawa agencies of j by the Thingvalla line steamer “Norge."
1898: Canadian produce. It has opened none, turned at inland ports of goods tak —~Montreal Gazette.	the United States from Canada, i
1898: usa:Canada:~Czar of all the Rias, Count Muravieff.  imported $140,305,000 w orth and
1898: •~'Must as the 0. P. R. has made this western expansion possible there seems reason to believe, that on the opening of the Ottawa River to through navigation, history will repeat itself, and a new era of development in Central Canada will follow. Railways are imperfect colonizers where not aided by waterways. Bad the <3. P. R. been all along partiel led by a cheap water route from Lake Superior westward, the Northwest would have to •day five times its present population and i the railway more and better paying buai-And cheap water carnage will do even more for Northern Ontario than it
1898: Canada::~emigrated to  in 1841. For some protest in respect to the new Chwang rIV6 Kô~aSOIlS I0F Soliciting yOUF esteemed patronage years he was in the employ of the gov railway; but Russia is required to cancel I	°
1898: Canada::~The funeral will take place on Thurs- Among lhe many special attractions at the day, Sept. 1st at 2 o'clock, p. m.	 Central exhibition, none will be
1898: Canada::~Senator G. A. Drummond. The cattle are in a class never exhibited here before and are reputed to be about the highest graded cattle in . The bull 11 Ban , tarn ”, was bred by his Royal Highness,
1898: Canada::~Fall term commences August >51 h. manent staff of four experienced ab e expert teachers ; thirty two years of uninterrupted success ; being endorsed by the lending business nod r ofesslonal men or the Capital ; each graduate getting the Dip cm a of the Business kducators' Association of  ; the success of our graduates (they are to bo found everywhere) are points for ypur considers!toil. Send for new Chta.ogue.
1898: Canada::~Hoad Office Ottawa ,
1898: Canada::~Capital : each graduate gett lag the Dip'orna of the business Educators' Association of ; the success of our graduates (they are to be found everywhere) are points for your consideration. Hend for new Catalogue.
1898: Canada::~Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Head Office Ottawa , Vf i u
1898: after more than six months’ careful con that the oil is good. Samples of the biv sidération by the Crown Lands’~ depart rings have been sent to the Bureau of ment. It will make Canada a mighty Mmes, but Mr. Blue believes that the competitor in the British market with the eamplea do m t carry much oil American paper exporters, and will, at the same time, give employment to a large number of Canadians. The terms provide that all the spruce cut must be manufactured in the country. The company contracts to expend §1,000,000 in buildings and plant, and will have an operating capital of §2,500,000, The pulp null was formally opened at Sturgeon Falls on Saturday last, and the found ation of the first of six paper mills has been laid. The company undertakes to employ not less than 240 hands, but will in reality employ nearly 400. The yearly output will be 300,000 tons of pulp, or 120 tons for every working day.
1898: o*ïhl?lbu«|CneîsaKdùcâtgoi“lnAM«!lat!onrnolî~ I three weeks ago a change in agents was Canada; the success of our grsduates (they made at your Hull Station, since which
1898: Canada::~If we could get the blue goggles off people, what a different world this would seem. Man is prone to prejudice, as the sparks fly upward. We are alwnys forming conceptions in the absence of light, and reaching conclusions in advance of facts. There are plenty of people who have never been in Ottawa, who are foolish enough to believe that Ottawa people walk backwards to keep their pants from bagging at the knees. Plenty of people in the States are convinced that in  wo cut the claws off the bullfrog to keep him from scratching the moss off the backs of the inhabitants, who, according to reports, wear ear rings, swear in Choctaw and eat pea soup. We have to confess that even in this country we are not free from those who conceive a Yankee to be a bumptious individual with hook and billy goat whiskers, who talks bad English through his nose and punctuates his sentences with avalanches of tobacco juice. All this is the result of the tendency of humanity to build conclusions on most inadequate foundations.
1898: The resident correspondent of the Ottawa Journal furnishes the following report of the Superior Court bold in Bryson last week:—Bryson, Nov. 20. —~Judge Lavergne presided over an adjourned session of the Superior Court hero last week. Several cases were advanced a stage in The Merchants' Bank of Canada did onquete, but most of the time was! not take long to deliberate upon whether pied in hearing the case of Armstrong Heifer Astray. —Strayed on to the or not *l would be judicious to establish vs Dale in which it seems from the evi-
1898: The opening of a branch of the Mer chants’~ Bank of Canada in Shawville will, in all probability boom the town, things are
1898: United States:Canada:~passed a resolution declaring: whereas the prohibition of the export of logs or unmanufactured timber from Canada to the  is decidedly, in cided chuckle that must have broadened the opinion of this board, in the beet in- nto paroxysms of laughter with the fur-terests of the citizens of , yet with (her recollection of the promise to elevate the view of promoting better trade rela the standard and his knowledge of the lions between the two countries, this presence of Messrs. Tarte and Blair and board is of the opinion that if the United Sifton in the Cabinet. But the climax States will permit lumber in all forms and | of all this jocularity was reached «~ hen he of all classes to enter into that country concurrently remembered the of-repeated from Canada free of duty, the Canadian promise to wipe out the last vestige of
1898: Fall term commences August 15th. A permanent staff of four experienced able expert teachers ; thirty two years of uninterrupted success ; being endorsed by the leading business and p ofessional men of the Capital : each graduate getting the Dip oma of the Business Kdueators’~ Association ol Canada ; the success of our graduates (they are to bo found everywhere) ar# points for your consideration Send for now Catalogue.
1898: Canada::~in .
1898: Canada::~Have just received from turiim houses in ,, one most complete stocks ot 1 i unu i Ri« e\ci
1899: Canada::~Head Ofllee Ottawa ,
1899: CANADA::~OF .
1899: probably forever and it may not be it waa given out that the object of his trip long before the harassed and troublous *aa to argue the appeal to iho Privy people, settling into quiet business, may Council from the decision of the Supreme look back on 1899 s as a happy new Court in the Nicolet election case. Rumor has it, however, that before he returns the member for Ottawa will visit According to the Evé~nement, there is Rome to obtain the sanction of His Holi-another big Government railway deal in ness to a modified scheme of concessions the wind, and the Inteicolonial is to be to the Roman Catholic minority of Mani-extended tu Georgian IV*y by the Canada toba in the matter of education. It is said Atlantic and the Parry Sound. If thv the mission wa* offered to the Solicitor report is true, it would be interesting t»* General, but Mr. Fitzpatrick chose Mr. see whether Hon. Mr. Blair comes any Belcourt to go in his stead, better out of a business transaction with
1899: United States:Canada:~Year, the postal rate shall be a uniform rate of two cents. The regulation will apply to the  as well as to  and other parts of the British empire. The change will involve a considerable falling off in the revenue of the P. O. Department, which hitherto has been unable to sustain itself, so that the advantage to the people is, after all, one of doubtful character. The sacrifice of	,
1899: Canada::~can be purchased from at least one reputable dealer in every town and village in .
1899: Canada::~Changed the blood-stained soil of  for the golden streets of Heaven.
1899: Canada::~luring houses in , one of the largest, best assorted and «""*« ?ue,d.y evenin8'	But wh",hLHbunk or lead do the,
1899: Canada::~thus discussed the effect of 's pre L 3,(1188 W 0011611
1899: Canada::~>> e had a basket social at our school October 31 railroad iron and steel export house to close our Sunday School for the ed to  from the United Kingdom winter months. The chair was occupied was valued a* $50,306, aa against $906, by W. B. Hodgins, and speeches were I 577 during the conresponding month» in rpo SUPPLY looo cedar posts, 8 feet ong	gjv®nby T. A. Elliott,	Superintendent;	1896. The manufactures	in the United
1899: Canada::~to friends in and around Carleton Place. | and steel trade with .	I	"J
1899: Fall term commencé~e August 15th. A permanent staff of four experienced able expert teachers ; thirty two years of uninterrupted success ; being endorsed by the leading business and p ofesslonal men of the Capital: each graduate getting the Dip oma of the Business Educators' Association at Canada; the success of our graduates (they •re to be found everywhere) are points your consideration. Send for new Catalogue
1899: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1899: Saturday’s Ottawa .Journal says :—~Notice appears in the last itsuo ef the Canada Gazette that the Portage du Fort and Bristol Branch Railway C ». will apply to Parliament at its next session for an act to authorize the ex ensiun of the line from Qnyuii to the city of Hull and to any bridges connecting the cities of Hull and Ottawa, and with power to make running arrangements fur the crossing of thpse bridges The comp ny will also a-k f r powet to build a bridge at Des-chenes and to co.isirud a line of railway through Nepean to the city < f Ottawa.
1899: CANADA::~OF .
1899: Halifax, Jan 27. —~ Misfortunate befell the second lot of Bonks on their way from Russia to Canada. The steamer
1899: J 4 1‘i‘~LIC \TION will be made at the next . I A session of the Parliament of Canada by ihe Pontine Pacific Junction li ilway Company for an 1 ct to extend the time for commencing and completing its extensions already authorlz d :-(t) from its present terminus at Waltham to Him If Hie Marie via Pembroke, (2) Uom its mesent terminus at Walt lu* m In a north westerly direction to a point In the County of Pontiac, and (3) from its present terminus at Aylmer to a point in Hull, and thence over the Ottawa river to Ottawa ; and also for commencing and completing the bridges Authorized to he constructed over the Ottawa River at Allumette Island ; and foroth* r purposes.
1899: Canada::~Mftivl Thacker. .
1899: Canada::~" W bile in London we were presented to the Queen. fShe sent her carryall arid a battalion of mounted police to take the nugg.it and us to the palace. We stopped wiiii her for lunch, and I must say she made herself generally agreeable. 1 teetered the Prince of YValiis on my knee, for he was only a kid then, and he promised to come to  to see me, w hich he did al*>ut
1899: Canada::~Have just received from one of tin* most extensive manufacturin'- houses in , one of the largest, best assorted amt »st complete stocks of Fvknitvke ever biought into the county. The display comprises—
1899: Washington special to the News says : | • “~Tin* treaty between the United S ate* and Canada will be drawn and signed in l ‘Si than one week after an agreement is «etch d on the lumber taiilf, said a dis-tiugu .'hed nlficnr of the G ivemmeat to-According to this auihnrity the treaty will be divided into a;x sectio is, as follows : —
1899: Canada::~Parties wishing to have their razors bon- of* rile 'fturimJsAsocial oh m e l or dressed cm have th'-m put In excellent '  ; the success of our graduates fihev condition for from W toz i	I arc to bo found everywhere) are points fr,r
1899: CANADA::~OF .
1899: Canada::~WATEItOUS, Brantford, .
1899: Canada::~WATEROUS, Brantford, .
1899: Canada::~We have exercised greatest care to make our offers plain to un r-etand so that no correspondence le necessary to explain a single detail We refer yon totbe Imperial Bank of , or the mercantile agencies of E. G. Dun * Co. and Bradaireets, as to our reliability.
1899: Canada::~Nova Scoia'e revenue last year 805,960. There was spent $968,636 The Liberal statesmen figure it out that there was a surplus, just aa they do in Ontario. Every province in  is now under Liberal rule and every province is spending more than its revenue Not that the Conservatives better, but then the Conservatives have not yet had a convention at Ottawa and . . cheered for unanimous resolutions in bleated, friend favor of economy and retrenchment.— to necessitate the laying of a seriously Ottawa Journal (Ind )	depressing burden upon a very ordi-
1899: Canada::~shortly to return to  to remain h re, and possibly enter public life again.
1899: with the manufacture of the natural pro-I î^e rel)r*eve °~f prisoners. An appli Dublin, Ireland," says I nited Canada, ducts of Canada.	cation sent to her Lidyahip was referred | " has asked to be relieved of his duties.
1899: Canada::~But this simply just demand for equal- to the department of justice, and the ap i He contemplates returning to  at ity is denied us by the United Slates. pl,cant waa notified that it was to the an early date. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, it is They have a tariff" arrangement cunningly I government and not to the wife of the | said, has expressed a wish that Mr. Dev-calculated to compel the manufacture of Governoi General that executive clemen- lin might continue in office for another our raw material by American capital and I had to be looked for. This was the year.
1899: Canada::~wood, which should properly be locale ' Mr. James Cnnme^, M. P. P. for A1- de Loibiniere, will become 's first •on Canadian territory.	gouaa thinks the Government should I commoner, Mr. Bernier, of	St. Hya-
1899: Canada::~and VIIIAAIPA The people of  will demand that, • DUI-IiIFS *n ^uture* t^ie government of this country
1899: Canada::~which has made a patriotic beginning by giving British goods a preference in our markets should have posted off to Washington to make a treaty with the Yankees which would put  outside the en*, pire ; a treaty which would necessitate the wiping out of the British preference. W^ÊÊIÊÊ^Ê	¦PP»ut .he Yankee, had,their chance. Noth
1899: ,wl11 P,eaWti take American commission to settle outstand-notice and prvern ,hem»l,..|.«£rdjl„,|y. I „~,g Jjffereno. between Canada and the
1899: hama	_	| w ben I «~aw Patti again she was comical than to see in these rehearsals I fail into line with Canada.
1899: Capital ; each graduate getting the Dip oms expected a success, of the Bust nee* Educators’~ Associai on ni I What Canada; the success of our graduates (they are to be found everywhere) are points for your consideration. Send for new Catalogue.
1899: Canada::~IleadOflire Ottawa ,
1899: CANADA::~OF .
1899: Canada::~reial School In  Enter sow.
1899: United States:United States:~The outlook for Canadian Lumber interest* in the  and Great Britain were never so promising as at present, according to the opinion of Mr. A. F. Austin, wholesale lumber mer chant of Montreal, aa expressed to a Citizen representative. Mr. Austin states that on account of the recent uncertainty m the lumber tariff the American market was sold out, but now that confidence is restored, the Canadian supply is being drawn upon heavily. The expansionist idea in the  has also had a marked effect on the lumber market, especially in the lower grades. A consider ab'e quantity is being shipped, more is going into the shipbuilding business, and manufacturers are also calling for greater supplies of b-'X lumber, etc Austin’~s opinion that the Canadian lumber interests should be stringently safe guarded by the imposition of a tariff on the logs being exported. He states that if the present course is pursued for many years Uncle Sam will have depleted the Canadian forests, at little expense to himself. At present American labcgRg]g Canadian timber in Canada, manufacture it in the States, and sell it again in Canada w tbcut interference.
1899: Fall term eoinmnneeN Migust loth. A permanent H fl ol four experienced able ex pert teachers ; thirty I wo ye «r« of uiilnler-rupted Kitcces- ; b«dnu t-n<lor*rd by the k*ad-ing businesH and n ofesaionai men of the Capital ; each graduate telling the Dip oma of the business Kducators* Associâ~t on of Canada ; the aucce-N of our gr dtiao a («hey are to be found every where) are pnlr.iH tor your consideration. Send for new CataWifeue
1899: Canada::~the fiscal year 1807-8, a result rendering possible the reduction of the domestic letter rate from 3 to 2 cents per and the rate between  and the mother country and a large number of Great Britain's colonial poe-froin five to two cents per half-
1899: Canada::~The estimated number of letters sent through the postoffice during the yevi exceeds that of the previous yeui by 11,145,000, the total number of 1898 being 134,975,000. Ten years ago the number of letters sent through i hv mails in  was 80,200,000. In addition to letters handled last year, then* were 28,153,000 postcards, 8,534,500 registered letters, 5,673,000 free letters, %6,-595,000 newspapers and periodicals, 3,372,000 packages of printers copy, photographs, etc., l,813,(0't packets of fifth-class matter, 316,000 parcels by I xi reel post, and 33,000 packets for the United Kingdom and other countries.
1899: Canada::~062,000 were payable in . The -	; Establishments trading in
1899: Canada::~Over l'-.OOO Prills and Seeder a (Four manu-tact lire In use In . The only Drill tufidti with lever for Instant and perftol regulation of depth of hoe In all kinds of soil, while team is In motion. Hows absolutely correct to scale; saves seed, as every kernel is deposited at a proper depth to grow. Pur-elm ?<; only the best and you will be satisfied.
1899: CANADA::~INGERSOLL, ONT,, .
1899: Canada::~Head Office Ottawa ,
1899: CANADA::~OF .
1899: Canada::~tatiou or neoeens# are nearly always chosen. Euelneee men appreciate our work. Best Commercial Bebvol lu . Eater new.
1899: Canada::~DIUINTI UM iMUfd lo Currency or Sterling with hite'eet eoupoits attached, payable In  or Id Kegiend. Executor# and Truet.ee are author leed by luw to Infest in the Debentures of ton
1899: Canada::~Agents far .
1899: Canada::~year for the choose industry in . Pupils........
1899: trm idinary condition, bearing directly g«~4 always found in the new and poor1 upon the cheese industry of Canada. Of '"unic.pilit.es. In the counties of Chun-late years it is known that the Australian I *>*>’- \«*h«wnud Richelieu, m one	of
1899: Canada::~colonies have been .inducing cheese in the richest in , the average	of
1899: Canada::~uaiivopposed to 's interests to o clock 1 roiii the loth of May to the 1st day of October next, have nickel ore mined here and shipped Our customers are therefore requested to keep this intima-
1899: Canada::~Head Office Of faun ,
1899: CANADA::~OF .
1899: Canada::~ROKCO M F C CO., Toront#, .
1899: Kilmarnock, May 22.—~The people of this section are among the shrewdest and mont level-headed people in Canada. They know a good thing when they meet it. And when they "run up
1899: Canada::~Sole Agente for .
1899: Canada::~Secretary McMahon of the Central  fair in flooded with cnwmuiiicatkns from parties seeking to bring attractions to the exhibition this fall
1899: CANADA::~OP .
1899: CANADA::~PETERBOROUGH, ONTARIO, .
1899: Canada::~rotten, with \ ukon affairs, is not by any the country is more determined to "set" die out of the system. The bacteria in means diminishing, as events go by, and at the first opportunity than any feminine case, it is stated, are simply killed if the government have succeeded by the feathered biped ever dreamed of being aid of a subservient majority to squeeze Montreal ( lazette. themselves through a pretty close means of exit for the present, they may, and doubtless will, find it more difficult to escape the condemnation of the electors of  anon.
1899: Canada::~A log-rolling contest will be one of the attractions at the Central  Exhi
1899: Canada::~Central  Exhibition Association.
1899: Canada::~Head Office ; Ottawa .
1899: CANADA::~OF .
1899: Canada::~lure for the year 1899-1900 means to th* people of . Here are the ligures : $l.OMO%OUO a week ;	a diy ;
1899: Canada::~two dollars a t^n on pig iron. which tin <ioverniuent <*f  have decided t
1899: Canada:United States:~It was in keening with the accepted or der of things that in the Canadian Par lisaient, Mr. John Charlton should op pose the all-British Pacific cable scheme. Mr. Charlton in  has come, and with reason, to be regarded as the public man who looks after  interests in the Dominion. His constituents of Norfolk seem to accept him in this character, which is in its way as peculiar a thing as that a Canadian M P., should be willing to assume it.
1899: Canada::~results, that Mr. Mulcck and Nr Charles Tapper took the chief part in on Tuesday in the H use cf Commons, and which ended in the adoption of the resolutions committing  to bear a share in the cost of constructing an all British Pacific cable. By the arrangements arrived at, mainly as an outcome of the inter imperial conferences held at Loudon and Like Champlain.
1899: Canada::~Ottawa,  and Great Britain are	------
1899: upon his administration as feeling “~ like prise, and of which Canada will name two. intervention. War in South Africa with the besieged, lying on my arms night and In some ways Australia a interest in the one 0f the states would be one of the
1899: fi.ty-one mil.ions a year pouring ou. o. and a netv and much cheaper connection action through Dutch sympathizers at the the breaks, in the treasury, it is plain with the American continent. The ç~ape tie saw no reason why this should that nobody in the Laurier-TarteiSifton growth in the trade of Canada with » hat not achieve conspicuous success, as a aim-
1899: Canada::~Blair cabinet is losing sleep in doing the it is expected will moon be the new Cum-, ^ course had dont in  in time u	,	* .	. ,	monwealth, which was referred to in the
1899: Canada::~debate, will increase  a commer |e The secretary of state for the colonies, cial interest, however, and it may i.ot be	Chamberlain opened his speech in
1899: Canada::~Three new classes have this year been added to the Central  Exhibition Association's premium list for horses. Two of these classes are especially for horse* owned by farmers—Carriage and Heavy Draugh\ The third is fur French Canadian horses. Secretary McMahon reports an unusually large number of entries for this year’s show, which opens on Sept. 11.
1899: Canada::~Lake Erie and Detroit River Railway company, from Ridgetown to St. Thomas, 44 miles, with running rights over the  Southern.
1899: CANADA::~TORONTO, ,
1899: Canada::~WATER0U8, Brantford, .
1899: CANADA::~PETERBOROUGH, ONTARIO, .
1899: Canada::~Central  Exl{ibition Association.
1899: Canada::~This Exhibition is second to none in  for...
1899: Canada::~council to govern the export of doer shot and enterprise to the Boers, which cai.-by sportsmen	not	resident in	,	not be said of these Slavic peoples and
1899: Canada::~Discrimination Against Great Britain and  will not be Tolerated.
1899: Canada::~Parliament, and Mr. Mulock even went  and Britain. Mr. Chamberlain	vattmt
1899: Canada::~This points to a considerable deficiency,	become acclimated, so to speak, fertilizers	frum .
1899: found next morning and it was also oisif r. William M. Grieves, one of the I covered, so the story has it, that the bait known landscape gardeners in Ot spring had ceased to flow. For one taw died last Thursday morning in S . k^ar it was lost to sight, but at the end Luke’s hospital of lockjvw after a shoit Qf that time it came out of a cleft in the illness. While getting into a buggy a rocks about a hundred yards from where week ago Saturday, Mr. Grieves made a it had originally been. This comp’~o ed misstep with the result that he struck the miracle and there are many people in his left leg juat below the knee on the Ottawa today who attribute the steel step of the buggy. A considerable ,,f the flow of water for that period to the cut was inflicted. Mr. Grieves went desperate act of the poor old soldier home but did not mind the matter much, Time has caused a great change ill the thinking the injury would be all right in fAce of the cliff since then, but the trunk a few days. He rested the leg, but after of the old basswood tree upon which the a short time it began to get more painful, man hung himself is still there, while Mr. Grieves then mounted his wheel and right below it are'the remains of the with one foot pedalled to see a doctor, basin of stone and the stone steps placed Later he complained of feeling a soreness ! there by the direction of the founder of about the throat and it was decided he j the Capital of Canada, should go to St. Luke’s hospital. Symp- These old relics will all have to go and ptoma of lockjaw were there noticed, and while thousands will enjoy the short and everything pc ssible warn done for the man, comfortable entrance to the city it will but nothing was done for avail. It is causa a sense of loss to steal into the thought that the lockjaw warn caused by hearts of those who knew the place in some dirt from the buggy step entering days gone by and loved it for its old ax-the cut.	sociations.—Ottawa Citizen.
1899: Are anslnu »~ to secure the address of every Urns man and wviuar In Canada *hoie Jena neas cenilets in im« | mb being shorter than the oilier, and are offering good DHylnf ployiuent to ewiry lame p< rson who will take thetrouble to write loi cl roula A U»'f oan to act as agents. < Jet one ti the Bltenalone tory» inmif and you will, after wearing n a week
1899: Canada::~Manager for .
1899: CANADA::~TORONTO, ,
1899: CANADA::~woven fenoes, es cross wires are gripped front weslher Can never clip or break strong, and lasts ten times as long as made Can use Plaie, Coiled Spring, Tw CbeapvSt Wire Pence In end ever Given quickly to  PENUK GO . Lo
1899: and seasons, thus their agents are kept I \\rp; JJ \yp’~ j\ STOCK steadily at it and make big money. In fact, no other occupation is more honor able, healthful, lucrative, or offers hull as many opportunities for promotion. 1 is a life school. Many men and women m Canada to-day, testify to the truthfulness of this claim, in fact, it n conceded ui all hands, that one year’s experience with this Firm is worth more to any young man or woman, than two or three years at (' dlege, from an educational point of view, and fi iancially, it is all ' hat c m ho desired .
1899: Canada::~That the Central  Exhibition ai Ottawa, commencing Sept. 11th, will pa-a any fair yet given in America is ¦urcd
1899: Canada::~i. The Indian re^ leading artists of ; exhibits from
1899: Canada::~Central  Exhibition Association.
1899: Canada::~This Exhibition is second to none in  for...
1899: Canada::~Ilvad Ollive Ottawa ,
1899: CANADA::~OF .
1899: Canada::~AGENTS WANTED to sell the Acme Pot and Kettle Strainer In every County and Township In . Tho device is mvalnab’e for straining the water from boiling vegetable* with >ut s aid lug th#-hinds or spilling the foments of the pr)t Exo naive terr.torv goes to first-class agents. For particular* apply to the
1899: Canada::~penal government for the artillery in South Africa can he had in . The home government is advertising them for the l nited States.
1899: Canada::~The Liberal administration of Ontario is doomed. Under Sir Oliver Mowat it wre by long odds the best government, either local oi federal, in . Even its opponents have to admit that. The affairs of the Province of Ontario have been better managed than those of ar.y other province in the Dominion, and the condition of the province allow it Hardy has done well so far as legislation goes, but the disgraceful revelations of corruption at elections which have been made during the past year cannot be over looked in any government, however good. Hardy must go. The good name of the province and the self-respect of the electors demand his retirement from office. It is useless to contend that he is personally innocent. As the head of party he is responsible for its acts, d and bad, and in him and his gov
1899: by the people «~f Canada during July and
1899: Canada::~The Central  Fair Association have a deficit of over $9,000 to face as the result of this year’s exhibition as the result of the bad weather and tho increased fares charged by the railway companies.
1899: Toronto, Sept. 22.—~A meeting of the manufacturers of the Dominion was held here today, when it was decided to advance the price of plows. The manufacturers state that for the past year they have been turning out these implements at a loss. The reason for this loss and for the proposed advance is that for months past the material used in the manufacture of plows has increased in price until it now costs $1.50 more to make a plow than it did a year ago. Fully ninety per cent, of the plow manufacturers of Canada were represented at the meeting.
1899: Canada::~The Best Makes in .
1899: CANADA::~OF .
1899: Canada::~contingent sent at the expense of . |	ç« ^
1899: Canada::~The Five South African States Will be Governed Like .
1899: CANADA::~OF .
1899: Hon. Daviil Mills has been up at London, Ont., making an imperialistic speech»~ and declaring that Canada was right in sending a contingent to South Africa. It is plain that Mr. Mills was not among the 64 some ministers” Mr. Blair spoke about as being opposed to the action.
1899: Quebec. Nov. 29.-’~There is a strong probability that the Quebec Government will be encouraged by Judge Street's pronouncement in Toronto as to the legality of the manufacturing clause in the Ontario timber leases to take measures with a similar cud in view, for the protection of its valuable forests of spruce, which is being exported for use ns pulpwood. Iestead, however, of taking exactly the plan followed by the Ontario ministers thew will effect the same object by putting the stumping due up to a high figure, allowing a rebate when it is manufactured in Canada.
1899: Montreal, Nov. 27 —~ J. Turner Routledge, a well known society man committed suicide today at. his country residence at Oeorgeville, Que., by shooting himself through the head. Routledge came to Canada from England some years ago and married tho youngestdaughter of Sir Hugh Allan, tho Canadian steamship magnate. He started an extensive ranchintheNoxth-west Territories which he conducted for some years. He lately returned to Montreal and took up his residence at George-ville in the Eisterxi Townships. Domestic trouble ia supposed to have been the cause of tho suicide.
1899: Canada::~At the County of Carleton Assizes last week, damages for $3,100 was awarded to Napoleon Richer against the  Atlantic Railway. Richer, it will be remembered, was coachman for the late William Cowan, of Ottawa, at the time uf the accident at Ottawa East last January, when Mr. Cowan and his son Homes were instantly killed, and Richer was very badly injured. Richer subsequently sued tho railway company for $20,000 damages, and has been awarded as above. The jury found that the company was guilty of negligence in running too fast, and in not ringing tho engine Dell. The flagman, the jury considered, was not paying attention to duty. This is the largest amount of damages given in Carleton County for some years. It is likely the company will appeal. Mr. E. Mahon and XV. Lees were fur the plaintif!', v hile Messrs. F. H. Chrysler, Q. C , and Aylesworth, O. C., were for the
1899: Canada::~The Department of the Interior. Ottawa, has received advices from Mr. Zdliacus, stating that at the smallest computation, 15,000 Finlanders will arrive in  OUE. I next tprmc:. The majority of the immi v ' grants will be from South Finland, which is one of tho most fruitful districts in the country.
1899: hould pe nses» » copy of “ The Uasholte Stsdopt s Ms» oil of Instruction sad Praysre," for all seasons of Keolesiastioal Year. Compiled by s relisions. «Bdee iAâ~ immediate supervision of the Reverend H. Rouiol. F-S. 8 Professor of Moral Theelegy. G read Seminary MooP-real, Canada It com tarns Litergical Payers Indolences. Devotions, end Pious Bsoffisos for every ooA sion. end for all seasons of the Xjoi^iasllsal Yes#.
1900: Canada::~Head Ofllre Ottawa ,
1900: CANADA::~OF .
1900: Canada::~All pei*s of  male 1 to $ dollar# duly. I.atoat mu o wed Vo liar, *U*a »% «r nuge, all ooiopwrteieota eh mgeubl# Decided adtaiitagee OMf any oilier e> oker man ifa tur- d
1900: Canada::~An extra of the  Gazette, issued at noon on Friday, lummom the Dominion Parliament for the dispatch of business on Thursday, Feb. 1st.
1900: NE demande sera adressé~e au parlement du Canada, ;i sa prochaine par la Compagnie de chemin defer Pontiac et Jonction du Pacifique, afin d’obtenir un acte 1 autorisant a construire et exploiter un chemin de fet partant de ou prés de Quyon ou Shawville et allant jusqu'il Pembroke, et construire des branchement# de son chemin de fer n’excédant i>as trente milles.
1900: Canada::~A PPLICATION will be made by the JA* Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway Company to the Parliament of , at its next .session, for an Act authorizing it to construct and operate a railway from at oi near Quyon or Shawville to Pembroke, and to construct branches of its railway not exceeding thirty miles.
1900: CANADA::~OTTAWA,  ..............ll'fM.MO
1900: CANADA::~OP .
1900: Canada::~Agi uts In , New York and Cldcagc -Bank of Montreal.
1900: Canada::~That every citizen of  could read this advertisement.
1900: Canada::~;he offices of President and. General j Manager of the  Life A or* branch
1900: Canada::~U was but iust and fitting that he to maintain its prestige and continue Dire tors should turn to the man the honorable, conservative policy who during these forty years had lab- which has made the  L ie As-ored with Mr. Ramsay to make the su ranee Company almost a national m-
1900: Canada::~the Khalifa Abdullah, has at last been Pacific will do what the  Atlantic
1900: Canada::~The  Atlantic and the Connors
1900: Canada::~NE demande sera adn mint du , ;t
1900: Canada::~politan of , Kingston, has issued T. Mooney aud Mr. George Murray,	! IrelanU
1900: Canada::~a notice to all clergymen in the ecclesiaz- Onslow, spent Sunday with their sister, tical province of  to arrange for \]rgi Tom Hudgins, special prayer in behalf of the British Our merchant, Mr. J. Argue, ii doing arms in South Africa on Sunday, Feb. 11. quite a rushing business at present.
1900: England:Canada:~bo aiiiiti t uupassable. It will take j  in Australia, and in , on ly l u ly to ( over the distance between the railroads and tho river.
1900: Canada::~, Application lias been made a < UUwn fmm tho  Atlantic Railway Co. a fur probate of the will o- * ho la i «• fine large calendar for WOO Grace Campbell, of Rnstol, Cue.. l ie map of the older porti value of the estate in Ontario is $JUhKl
1900: Canada::~con taming a n of  and
1900: Canada::~dispute between  and the Unit- qm e ,suf.mont to oausu a ready and ^	emir. ly uiiamustomed to ex- ui food adhere to the glass, rinse ihor-| ho|(J	bis LirtLple, trade, age,e c He s gi-e
1900: Canada::~The sad yet glorious fate of a score of our brave young men who left the shores of  in October last to do battle for the empire and uphold the great princip lea of right and justice to all, brings before the minds of the Canadian people a fuller and more vivid realization of the horrors of war than any of the previous occurences which has marked the present sanguinary struggle between Briton and Boer.
1900: Canada::~finical Co Limited  Lite j	^
1900: CANADA::~OF .
1900: friend’~s to cttice from parliament than ever ranks that Canada is within a few weeks 1 be in form suitable for placing amongst | Bryson, March 13th, 1900 their predecessors did.	of a general election. What are the signs ! the tributes from her loyal subjects
1900: Laurier, et al, have become the creatures	«~ubdued excitement in political circles	j testimonial from the children of Canada,	j gan	2o cents per month for his child from	na McCredic ; 3, Flossie Wainman	,	i
1900: Canada::~the poor man s sole luxury-tobacco- t0 bo credited natura ly with a desire to dren of . Boys and girls wanting , teachers that the term of their present Dale ; f Jennie Crawford ' Emerson and they have refused to substantially I the process short.	. I bbink subscription lists and particulars of engagement expires on the 30th June, | Finnigan and Maggie Fmnigan ¦	!
1900: Canada::~supportsr of the government calling 110 abusive, never so reckless in affirma- 1 tographers ail over  arc offering to , P. Carson be paid $2.00 for repairs and
1900: United States:Canada:~children cf Canada and , and now receives such favour all over tho Tho idea was to get something summer, however, there is little probabi-1 started with which young  could lity of a general election this year
1900: Canada::~bo identified, and the presentation of which would bring the boys and girls of  into direct touch with the Queen, who will treasure the photographs of the Governments arc not in the habit of I boys and girls. It was proposed to en-
1900: H. 9. Barnett, F.d I eration, and to every contribution by ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦~ Canada to wars of the Empire 4 foreign ’
1900: Canada::~= to . The audience was not very enthusiastic.
1900: CANADA::~OF .
1900: CANADA::~THE MOST DESTRUCTIVE HOLOCAUST IN THE HISTORY OF .
1900: Canada::~The oldest end most popular peint in . Best for color-beet for wear. For sale at best paint and hardware stores
1900: Canada::~rapidly decreasing, and in many cases it is impossible to obtain them. We depend chiefly on  and even thit source is not always reliable.
1900: Every oilier medicine she used failed Dr. Arnold’~s English Toxin Pills ai sold by all druggists, at 75c. a b >x sample size, 25c., or sent post-paid on receipt of price, by The Arnold Chemical Co., Limited, Canada, Life Building, 42 King street west, Toronto.
1900: had not been taking the «~II. long	----- I 82 St. Philip St.', Montreal, Canada.
1900: Canada::~dairy farmer may feel that he is capable Slred by the champion and Easiest of making up and marketing Ins butter to Trotting Stallion owned In better advantage than the average of lus '	, the great
1900: Canada::~gravity processes are used. Skim-milk is discoursed through the columns of the Laurier Government done to warrant heavier than whole milk, weighing abuut Bryson Advocate and Pembroke Ob- their return to the Treasury Benches of 2.20 pounds tu the quart. It is usually server, regarding our esteemed friend,  ? How many of ihe pledges they composed of about *J0.5 per cent, of	water	Mayor	Thos. Murray, of	Pembroke, be-	made have	they kept! Loi k at their
1900: Canada::~George Douglas Campbell, Duke of Argyll, died on Tuesday last. His son, the Marquis of Lome, a former Governor-General of , succeeds to the title, and his wife. Princess Louise,, becomes the Duchess of Argyll.
1900: Canada::~April 26. Among those slightly wounded is Col. W. D. Otter, of . Gen. Hamilton reports that the Canadians and Marshall’s Horse did particularly good service.
1900: CANADA::~OF .
1900: Canada::~Agente in , New York ami Chicago-Bank of Montreal.
1900: Canada::~The report also shows the interest-fact that the consumption of alcoholic beverages in  is smaller than in any other country from which statistics are obtainable.
1900: Canada::~Has proven a success all over the world. There are hundreds of them in use at the present time with the Imperial troops in South Africa, made by the Bain Waggon Co. of . .We are offering the people of Pontiac the same Waggon at reasonable prices.
1900: Canada::~Trotting Sialllor. owned in , the great
1900: A new sen ty, called 44 The Daughters of tho Empire,” with junior branches called 41 Children of the Empire,”~ has recently been formed in Canada. Its ob ject ia to make a great chain of patriotic m throughout the country, bringing the women and children into touch with each other by means of small clubs called 14 Chapters,” which are being started all over the world. These clubs are of two kinds, either of grown up women, or of children guided by their older Tr ends. The meetings take place once a month, in each others’~ houses, when a nice little patriotic program is enj -yed. Each club has its fljg aud its badge. The badges are made from a special design, which has been registered, and will be worn all over the world. This Federation has already spread over the other colonies, and has taken rout in England, and among British residents in the United States. Single members may enroll individually | |B| heartily commend it to our readers. Every weman and every child in Canada ought to be a member. For further information, and a pretty card of instruc tiens, write to the Secretary.
1900: Canada::~It was dark-dark as the Inside of a | quicksands dog, not the heavy, sullen darkness drunkard laughs when delirium has of a brooding storm, but the black possession of his brain; they howl-blankness of a night that looked as ed as wolves howled through the snow-Lf it never hiq>e<i to have a dawning, covered forests of ; and we
1900: CANADA::~OP .
1900: Canada::~Agent* In , New York ami (.'Linage ll.mk of Montreal.
1900: Canada::~with the Imperial troops in South Africa, made by the Bain Waggon Co. of . We are offering the people of Pontiac the same Waggon at reasonable prices.
1900: eus vf taxation and invested capita’~, who distribute as little nmnt y as po-s Lie in Canada, remitting » very V, dinr io f ster a trade th.t menaces our own :
1900: JAS. HOPE & €0«~	j giea to a department that will be called	LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
1900: Canada::~Sired by the Champion and Easiest Trotting Stallion owned in , the great
1900: Canada:Canada:~The  Permanent and Western 
1900: CANADA::~108 Victoria Street, TORONTO, .
1900: CANADA::~OF .
1900: Canada::~Agents In , New York and Vhiengn-Hank of Montreal.
1900: Canada::~For sale by the Hardware Merchants and General Dealers throughout . Also by the Canadian Hare ware JoMwrs.
1900: CANADA::~amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN ,
1900: Canada::~The  Permanent
1900: Canada::~Errice-  Permanent Building,
1900: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1900: CANADA::~OF .
1900: Canada::~AgrnU in , New lork and thicago-Hank of Montreal.	4 _ .
1900: Canada::~prosperity that  i, presently enjoy ! be more profit,by employed in solvmg '"'ThosZKga
1900: Canada::~ment, and a mutual preferential trade ar- lar 8eutiment rolls along lie may be pre- Are the farmers of  growing rich |	response nee i nth Mauufact
1900: Canada::~encrai Dealers throughout. . .Also
1900: Canada::~We handle only the best makes in . Have you given them a trial ? Your order
1900: Canada::~Hull is going to take the lead over all other cities in  in the matter of designating the names of its streets. The
1900: Mafeking, Anguat 30.—~A cyclone that I gct the locomotive* made in Canada, ftg usua] to meet the re:: |i!	tlK ^	"" ""	qm,«me»«. of the farmers
1900: Canada::~facturers of  are largely Conserva j ^U5trRjia ^at great island continent,
1900: CANADA::~OTTAWA. .
1900: CANADA::~OF .
1900: Canada::~Aircuts in , Nvw York and Chicago Dank of Montreal.
1900: to do, whether the cable will reach it»~ destination before or after banking hours or telegraph hours It will also be useful in countries wliere the railway system covers severs! zones, as in Canada and Russia.
1900: Canada::~ment of , as the auppor e - 1 ance, such as it is, bristling with clap-
1900: Canada::~Sir Charles Tapper has issued, under The Ottawa Journal states that Mr. I hi# own name, a manifesto to the farmers McLeod Stewart, of Ottawa and G. B. 0f  on the question of cold storage canal fame, has been approached by a an(j faat transportation. He says that if prominent resident from near Shawville, the Conservatives are placed in power,
1900: Canada::~Elgin, and Mr. Stenson, member for I British markets, speedily and in prime Richmond & Wolfe, both Liberals, are condition, thus securing for  all
1900: United States:Canada:~There never was a time in our history in negotiation with three delegates re-when our trade relations with the United presenting a people closely akin to the States deserved more serious consider- Doukhobors with a view to establishing ation than they do tc-day. The United a settlement of 7,000 of their compatriots States exports to this country are grow- in the Canadian Northwest next winter, ing by leaps and bounds. In 1895 they The people are called Molkans but in were 24 millions ; and in the year ending nearly every respect are said to be iden-July 1 last, they were 97 millions. The tical to the Doukhobors. They are said exports of the United States to this to find the Russian yoke irksome and are country have increased from 68 to 97 anxious to live in a free country. They millions a year during the 4 1-2 years are Christians of a primitive type. The the Liberals have been in office. Speak- delegates are Phillip Shubin Ivan Bucking in round figures the  is neff and Ivan Sam arm. Tracts of land exporting to  100 million dollars’ have been picked out in the Northwest worth of goods per annum, and the and should other arrangements prove sat amount is rapidly increasing.—Toronto isfactory the influx will commence next
1900: Canada::~death while sleeping in the house and ! manual treating on the notarial p:o while the parents were absent working ! feesion in .	. .
1900: Canada:usa:~children sleeping in the house and had over  were present. Thonds j^r j,liin j | gone out into the field to Work. The viewed the remains in the legislative view of the house was obstructed by an j assembly’s chamber, before the cortege intervening barn and the tire thus gained I left for the Basilica. A wealth of floral ^ Mathosoii & (
1900: United States::~Joly government, 1878-79, first as pro- for the  in Cuba or the Phil-1 etc., a year. A Conservative Govern j calling at the Greermount post office, vincial secretary, and afterwards as com lippines and the Canadians who fought ment first arranged for the shipment of There is also a pair of lined kid gloves at missioner of crown lands, and was speak- f°~r Great Britain in the Transvaal. The perishable farm and daily products in the office since the social, m nmnmr er of the legislative assembly, 1887 92. Government ot Canada did not recruit, cold chambers, opening the way for a The Thanksgiving service will be held V	A	ni	Un Mr. Mercier'» defeat at the polls	in!	clothe or equip volunteers to serve in j large increase in the exports of dairy	; in St. Stephen’s church on October 4th,
1900: Canada::~such opposed Mr. Flynn in the campaign gency rations. No Canadian needed the farmers of  indicates the lines on !	-----?------- T n	n .	,
1900: ^	*•~ *:	LARGEST M'.tSEKY IN CANADA,
1900: Canada::~oourage tbit, the captain shot a few granta. , Brazil, Spanish Ameri-
1900: , aSSSJ^,TX& 5ESS!ÎE5Î5SS we sel1 on]ythe ^ good,, made by the kings' """"	“13“Sy ImS"ji'XS-rSf-Ka:«~ of the Pur trade in Canada. Cheap Furs are
1900: CANADA::~OP .
1900: Canada::~Agents In ,
1900: Canada::~dal and swindle but a blot on 's fair name. Yet the government have made no effort to punish the perpetrator, but father did its utmost to shield him id the head of the department who was responsible. Turn the rascals out !
1900: Canada::~politicians generally try to make the farmers of  believe that they are getting cold storage privileges as a free gift. Every department of the Tarte-Laurier government seems to be conduct-1 the county, but it would never have been I the work is considered, and the immea-» ed on deceptive lines. A vote for Bra-1 built at all, had it not been for the pro- surable benefits that its carrying out bazon will help to remove the deceivers, ; greasive policy of subsidizing railways in-1 would bring to the Ottawa Valley, espe-and show the machine combination that j augurated by the late Sir John Macdon* daily the County of Pontiac, can we, the
1900: ' attitude during recent events. He is a «•~11, Carleton, N< rth Lanark, Libelle, Mr. A. R. Vanblaricom, a staunch Lib- resolute partisan of separation from Eng-Wright and Pontiac. The competition	eriH writes the Pictou Gazette that the	land, and wishes Canada to be indepen-
1900: Canada:France:~! LOaN AND Va VINOS w!1 r Ccil'ii llv l'.?* I'V (,,rrnt' -,liu!L dr> Messrs. Hiram Hodgini and Hiram	senior class.	him that he must vote against the party, oountry of , namely .
1900: Canada:Canada:~from stoop, in large white figures. Has  looked at her problems As most of the New York houses are in this way? To ask the question is built with the parlor floor about six to answer it. , with her vast feet above the ground, this will bring ureas or arable land has one agricul-tho figures just about on a level with I lira 1 college, while .six provinces as the eyes, so that unless the street * \rga as European states have none, lamps go out the number of the house ^ ‘1 h u^Gohl mining Wealth we have,
1900: Canada::~acting  howeve I got a wiihom my eye turnons that th heart k U*iLuid duoed t doctor's that 1 seemed oopfinei I fhouj could ei •cquain brought Pink P them. Rlped i more. * all my
1900: Canada:usa:~The undersigned having secured a block of stock in one of the safest and best-known Gold Mining Companies in , which has been working for two years, has large ore bodies opened up, new machinery and buildings costing forty thond dollars, all fully paid and no liab lities of any kind and is likely to he in a position to pay regular dividends in a^hort time, having decided, instead of dealing with large English or European Capitalists, to deal direct with The People, believing there are many who are saving and ambitious to make money but on account of limited resources,
1900: CANADA::~OTTAWA,  ............tl.tiV4.V0tl
1900: CANADA::~OP .
1900: Canada::~Agents lu , New York aud Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
1900: Canada::~Press reports state that the Duke ,1 Due has* tkf York will return to Engl md from Australia via .
1900: Canada::~Ladies of :
1900: !... -,..,.™~. ^	The Canada Permanent
1900: Canada::~The Parent Government ta pursuing the most singular political campaign ever witnessed in . It brought on the elections out of their time without an and gave no excuse for its act. The Premier uttered no public word in explanation of hie course IHH a word in reply to the criticism levelled It has been pointed out that, judged by the ablest constitutional thoritiee, the dissolution at the time and and under the circumstances was contrary to sound principles. By his silence the Premier admits that his act is open to condemnation. It is declared that his government is not the successor of Mr. Marchand1! policy of economy, which po' abandoned the last session of the
1901: Canada::~The tiret session of the Ninth Parliament of  opened on Wednesday when Mr. Broder, M. P., was elected Speaker of the House of Commons. The House then adjourned till the next day, when the formal opening in the Senate chamber, at which the Speech from the Throne w as read, took place. On account of the mourning observances enjoined by the death of Queen Victoria the usual social accessories were lacking from the function of the opening, which ou this occasion was expected to have been of more than ordinary brilliancy.
1901: Canada::~funeral was a military one, the remains  at the next session thereof for
1901: Canada::~An extra of the  Gazette, issued : docks and elevators, and to carry ou huai-
1901: Avis est donne par lo present qu’une demande sera adressé~e au parlement du Canada, t\ sa prochaine session, a lin d’obtenir un acte constituant en corporation une compagnie de chemin defer pour construire une voie ferrée partant- de quelque point sur la rivière Ottawa, dans le comté de Pontiac, dans eu entre le township d’Onslow et 1’em bouchère de la rivière Du moine, do la par la route la
1901: Canada::~reached by any other book in , as, Dr. Coulter also claimed the organization j A London correspondent some days ealoonn.	, duns, Kansas, and Colorado. In six-
1901: Canada::~will be found in another column of our	 and a surplus of $4,000,000,	within the castle walls at Windsor, which	were accompanied by their husbands,	lze ,or centuries. There is no imm-
1901: Canada:United States:~both in  and the  is largely the cause of the increased cut.
1901: Canada::~Notice is hereby given that application will In* made to the Parliament of  at its next session, for an Act to amend the Act relating to the Ottawa and Gatineau Railway, and to change its name to that of the Ottawa, Gatineau and Western Hall wry ; to empower It to acquire or amalgamate with the Pontiac Paeilie function Railway Company; the Hull Electric Railway Company,'the Ottawa a ml New York Railway Company, the Ottawa Interprovincial Bridge Company, the Ottawa Electric Railway Company, (¦¦Kingston and Pembroke Railway Company, or any one or more of them, axd to exercise the powers, franchise and privileges thereof, or to acquire and to hold t he stock or bonds of any one or more of them ; to issue stock, common of preferred, and bonds secured by mortgage or upon income, to such amount as may lx* necessary for the purpose of the undertaking. And also to authorize the company to acquire, work and dispose of, mines and ' i m'ht lauds and the product* thereof; to aeon ire, erect, use, and dispose of pulp. an<1 paper mills ; and to acquire, use and dispose of, water powers for electrical and other purposes.
1901: Canada::~The South Bast Half of the South West Australia k perhaps too far off foi Bug- and Company, wholesale oroekeiy deslert, Half of Lot No. 13 on the 5th range of jj9h purposes, but  is no& ; and was found dead in a chair in his fffief, Bristol, owned by the late Patrick Mur- surely our iron and steel capitalists would St. Paul street, last evening. Aft* r îe-
1901: Canada::~dwindling, But within the empire notably in , which has an extension ,	.	,, .	, .
1901: CANADA::~OF .
1901: Canada::~Samples of ynctuvea<iuo , w h»uluUMyflttîî?a Journal is offering t
1901: profltablc employment. “~ Canada's Sons on Kopje and	StttT S
1901: Canada::~Published About  ?
1901: What is “~ Picturesque Canada ?”
1901: If the new subscriber you send should also wish to have “~ Picturesque Canada" you can get it for him by sending 30 cents from him and his promise to send $4 more at $1 per month, to pay for both the book and a year's subscription to The Journal
1901: Canada::~I hereby request the Evening Journal to send rue Picturesque  for $1..», and the Evening Journal for one year at *3.00. In payment,I dose 30 cents down and agree to pay $1 per month for four months.
1901: Canada::~Any one who sends ns five new subscribers to the Ottawa Valley Journal at one dollar a year each, for the best semi weekly farm and home paper published in  and encloses the five dollars will receive a bound copy of this splendid book FREE and earh subscriber of the Ottawa Valley Journal foi a year us well ns 4‘ Farm and Home," a semi monthly.
1901: DlSTIBOTINO Home, Kxowlton, Pbo• ?=-_______________1 _ .	¦________________j—~ beauty and variety of Canada-or if you Wish your boys and girls to know—if you
1901: de.’~iberately informed me that tie had When in the train, on my way back ed States, via Canada, to Liverpool.
1901: Canada::~keof Cornwall tj Akiuyi  Early in September.
1901: CANADA::~OF .
1901: Canada::~wall at Poultney, Vt., on Wednesday, deutly out for a lot of information be- A party of engineers are surveying hero they came upon an iron post in the cellar sides the m re counting of noses in this zdong the route of the proposed Georgian and handcuff* that held a woman fast,  of pure.	| Bay canal,
1901: Avis est donné par le présent qu'une demande sera adressé~e au parlement du Canada, à sa prochaine session, afin d’obtenir un acte constituant en corporation une compagnie de chemin defer pour construire une voie ferrée partant de quelque point sur la rivière Ottawa, dans le comté de Pontiac, dans eu entre le township d Onslow et Te m bouchera de la rivière Dumoine, de la par la route la plus practicable jusqu’ou district arrosé* par les rivières Coulonge, Noire et Dumoine, et de U au nord jusqu'à la rive de la Bay James ; et pour fusioner, passer un bail ou faire des arrangements de traffic avec toute autre compagnie de chemin de fer autoaisée à construire des lignes de chemin de fer le long ou près de la dite route, ou toute partie d icelle ; avec pouvoir de construire des lignes d embranchement ; posséder, affréter et naviguer des bateaux à vapeur et autres vais-seaex ; acquérir, exploiter et déposai des mines, miéreaux et de leurs produits, de terres à bois, de chutes d’eau et privilèges hydrauliquer» ; acheter, utilizer et vendre de l'electricité Pf>ur toute fins que ce soit ; construire, acquérir, maintenir et exploiter des tramways, ponts, passages d’eau, moulins, quais, docks et élévateurs, et exercer 1 industrie de voituriers et d’enter-poseurs en général ; et construire et exploiter des lignes de télégraphe et de téléphone le long de la route du dit chemin de fer, ou s'y raccord, et transmettre des messages pour des tins commerciales, et prélever des péages jiour ce service.
1901: CANADA::~HOLINESS MOVEMENT HAS NOW 11,000 SUPPORTERS IN ,
1901: Canada::~of the Holiness Movement in  for
1901: Canada::~In  the movement now numbers
1901: oor vollcynuldere are liable to aetessmjnt at any time tno 11 >ard may foal it necn a iry tc assess them. I regret this, because It is absolutely untrue, and if such agents know anything or the principles of life Insurance they mu ?t know It to bo untrue. Thu p ,Holes of The Mutual l.i e or i «~nad i are issued in conUdoraMon of a ccriain stipulated sum. called annual prom-jums, barod on tho mortality table a q roved by the Government of Canada, ani considered by tho best ac u irioa in the world su.'U^irnt In themso ves, with iuto ei; o.iralugs on re erves, to meet all obligation* incurred by this Company. The same requirement is made by the
1901: Canada::~.J!tn ?u!/j	and should only be done, on the merits of The Mn uat Life of ,
1901: CANADA::~OF .
1901: Canada::~Agouti in , New York and Chi. ago—
1901: Canada::~contract to purchase 25,000 tons this year at $32.60 a ton, that is $6.60 a ton higher than the present price, and $4.60 higher than the advanced prices ; and to the price there is to be added, if the rails are made in , a bounty of $3 a ton. The arrangement has been the subject of two discussions in Parliament, without any satisfactory explanation being given. There are two grounds of objection stated. One as to the price, the other as to the haste shown in making the contract with a company that as yet has no plant, and without tenders being asked for. Mr. Blair, the minister directly responsible, on neither occasions gave any satisfactory reply to the questions put him, nor did he seem to desire to do so. He is carrying out in Parliament the policy which won him a certain kind of fame when he was head of the New Brunswick administration, of simply depending on the majority behind him to refute all attacks on his methods.
1901: Canada::~Blair seemingly thinks that what was) for ea good enough for New Brunswick is good enough for . Perhaps the country is fortunate that its loss on this steel rail transation, if it is carried out, will only be between $100,000 and $150,000.
1901: usa::thond dollars. Professor Robertson some time and every precaution warn has not in any way endorsed the company thought t> have been taken to prevent nor is he in any position to express an ! ju»t such a tragedy aa occurred yeater opinion concerning it. However, he has j day-authorized the statement that in hi* op inion for the purpose»~ mentioned in the prospectus of the Canadian Dressed ltry Company, Limited, a company with a capital stock of four hundred and fifty thousand dollars is likely to be on too extensive and expensive a scale to carry on business economically in the interests of tho producers of poultry in Canada. He does not recommend farmers to invest in the stock of the company.
1901: usa:usa:~Throughout Canada there are thonds and thond* of -aomen who
1901: CANADA::~OP .
1901: Canada::~Agents In , New York and Chicago— Bank of Montical.
1901: Canada::~James Summerside while loading at ties as possible, and is iu'ended to ke a model	Cl,,,e wa9 txtended ,0  delphia,	¦	¦
1901: Canada::~commencement of one of the largest deals ^ep customers in prices and styl completed in  in recent years.
1901: Canada::~A ship cin.e into port the other d.y PROVINCE OF QUEBEC, with no less thhn nineteen tt jwaways m Municipality of Clarendon Unrd, w hoexp a ned that the advertise Public Notice Ls hereby given,that there merit# that they hai seen concerning will be held on Monday the Eighth day of  had induced them to atta' a paa.- ' Ju|)"'?"® thousand vight hundred hud
1901: Canada::~that induced them to come to , and stead of Ralph Hod gins and Robert where they were given to understand Smart, Esquires, whose term of office
1901: Thomas J. McCaffrey, formerly man •~g^r of Union Bank of Canada in Win Arnprior, Ont.f June 27.—Wilbert l ipfg, will he buiine*a n-ai ager cf the Duncan, aged seven, son of James Dun* new assay office to ba established at Van-can of I hie town was drowned this morn couver, B. C. Prof. H*ane\ superm ing in the Maiawaska river at the white tendent of mines hav'ng purchased the bridge, w hile playing on a boom atick. necessary appaiatus in New Yuik, is now J. G Moulton, of Renfrew, was drown on hi# way out to the or ait to efart the ed last Thursday morning.	Hie	team	of	oftice’ It	ie learned that all the mining	that work was plenty and wages good
1901: CANADA:CANADA:~THE  PERMANENT AND WESTERN  MORTGAGE CORPORATION
1901: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1901: CANADA::~OF .
1901: Canada::~Agente In , New York and Chicago-Bauk of Montreal.
1901: CANADA::~from August 126th to Sept. 7th, has O	TORONTO, ,
1901: CANADA:CANADA:~TNI  PERMANENT AND WESTERN  MORTGAGE CORPORATION
1901: Canada::~rested on hie speed. He was reputed to upon nun. ^	of the  Company. He was mayor
1901: Canada::~There are 40,000 farmers row in the west and if the 32,000 laborers come west work will be found for all. In a word the pen p!e of the west are face to face with the the question of hindiing and harvesting the biggest wheat crop ever raised on the prairie lands of Western . It will take at least 8,000,000 pounds of binder twine this season.
1901: Canada::~and  during the present war	<>f Ins ride.	ever ho passed the alderman's villa "There's no one in all the world i	report the matter to the Admiralty	the "revise." It was then submitted
1901: Canada:usa:~going to  to inspect all the U on the Stock Ex- live stock before they are sent over, change, and elsewhere, agod men are The Model Dairy barn is situated clinging to places held by them since J near the East Amherst gate, and is they were young. And now that flta- a centre of attraction to those int is tics amply prove that there is a teres kod in agriculture, and a matter lull in the airth-rutc, there is fur- of curiosity to city people Here it ther ground for supposing that the hB proposed to care for and feed the old men will not budge. In 18781 cows, and prepare their product for tho birth-rate was 115.0, in 1899 it the market in as nearly an Ideal sunk to 29.a per thond—the low- way M possible ¦¦¦~ est recorded birth-rate for England, be found the herds of five cows each Then, again, men and women are living longer than they did. Medi- Viz
1901: to the occasion.	ed from side to side when he walked. „ „~	.	.	.	. .	-----?.---- be for redressing the evil, the French Canada during the pa it five years.
1901: The (’~entrai Canada Exhibition A «so via
1901: CANADA::~OF .
1901: Canada::~Agente lu , New York and Chleigo-Bank of Montreal.
1901: Ottawa, Aug. 28.—~The Public Works Department have ordered twenty thousand Chinese lanterns from Pans, France, for use in various parts of Canada at the time of the Royal visit next month. These lanterns were ordered some time ago, and are expected shortly.
1901: Canada::~The Central  Exhibition Associa
1901: Canada::~The Central  Exhibition Association have decided to made a new depai-ture this year and keep the exhibition buildings open on the night of Friday, September 20th. This will be dune be cause of the great number of strangers in the city. On all other days the fair buddings will close as usual at six thirty, etch evening.
1901: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1901: CANADA::~OF .
1901: Canada::~Agents in , New York and Chicsgo-Bank of Montreal.
1901: Canada::~Our Furs are manufactured by the 1 leading makers in , and we guarantee every article to be the best procurable at
1901: Canada::~That the said debentures shall bear interest at the late of Five per centum per annum, said interest being payable semi annually on the First day of December and the First day of June of each year at the Merchants Bank of , Shaw-ville Branch.
1901: CANADA:CANADA:~THE  PERMANENT AND WESTERN  MORTGAGE CORPORATION
1901: CANADA::~OP .
1901: Canada::~Our Furs are manufactured by the leading makers in , and
1901: Canada::~Agents in , New York and Chicago-Hank of Montreal.
1901: the strong-room of Candelcnt, Dundy	i#	Honastro. Id|	"X." a monstrous good run too."	other»~, arrived in Canada from
1901: Canada::~To Dairymen of ,
1901: the Association held on the 10th inst., I St rayed‘~from the premises of the owner it was resolved to issue a circular to the ?J>1out the 26th of October two colts (both Dairymen of Canada, strongly advising d lie2 and hay color) one yearling and
1901: 1717ANTED—RELIABLE MEN TO A01 Y ? es local or tmveiling agents, either o’l wholoor part Mme Liberal tm*s on sa lari or commaskn, w th expenso* cuaranferd. Apply now. 8TON«~5 & WELLINGTON, Canada's Greatest Nurseries, Toronto.
1901: Canada::~The largest ship that has ever been I ont* of the oldest and^mo^riiabio flrrnt'Yn through tho Suez Canal is the , Salary or commission. Kxo'usiro “Grosser Kurfurst,” of 13.000 tons.	Pelham Nursery Uo.,
1901: And I make this solemn declaration. conscientiously believing it to be true and knowing that it is of the same force and effect as if made under oath and by virtue of “~The Canada Evidence Act. 1898 "
1901: • •~ Canada's Premier Cempany j
1901: CANADA:CANADA:~THE  PERMANENT and WESTERN  MORTGAGE CORPORATION
1901: We have just received another large assortment of Ladies’ and Gent’~s Rings from the best ring makers in Canada	>
1901: CANADA::~OF .
1901: Canada::~Agents la , New York and Chloage— Bank of Montreal.
1901: Canada::~:: 's
1901: • •~ THE CANADA PERMANENT Î~ and WESTERN CANADA MORTGAGE CORPORATION
1901: Canada:United States:~Hon. Sydney Fisher, minister of agriculture, claims that the U. 8t. authorities hare no just ground of complaint against the withdrawal of the Canadian veterinary officer from England, whose duty it warn to inspect all animale from the old country destined for Canada for stock purposes. The season for shipping animals direct to  has about closed, and any that come out after this will by way of  ports, and may be inspected upon landing, or previous to departure by a U. S. veterinary officer in the old country. Should ani-rainals destined for the V. S. be landed at Halifax and St. John during the win-
1901: Canada:Canada:~a Roar alio, bred to destroy the riante 1 financial report for 1901 and electing a and liberties of Br.tish homes and sub- Board of Directors for 1002 jects in Africa is a blow at Canadian lib- A Directors' meeting will be held the erties. If  were invaded by the same day at 10o'clock a. m. foe and if we maw that the home govern-1 E. GRAHAM. JOHN ^ OUXG ment and the opposition papers were quibbling about the difference between recruiting and sending GOO men out to help us what a miserable thing would we not think it. The voice of  in 1899 «aid Government or no Government,
1901: Canada::~A small-sized red yearling heifer, with Opposition,  I white around the belly, strayed away [ South Africa and | from premises of undersigned about 11th
1902: Canada::~Agente In , New York and Chleago-Xak of Montreal.
1902: Canada::~We are now fully prepared to properly examine and test your eyesight, having recently taken a thorough course in Optics at the best Optical College in .
1902: pertinent is to pursue a vigorous campaign j service'fi-e-one dollar*" ' ‘‘~U """ ^ in favor of bringing all the immigrants possible from Brtain to settle tn Canada New methods will be introduced for this purpose, and the whole imigrathn will be reorganized.
1902: •~ THE CANADA PERMANENT . and WESTERN CANADA I MORTGAGE CORPORATION
1902: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1902: CANADA::~OP .
1902: The change in proprietorship will mean some important changes in connection with the equipment of the road, while it is expected that little if any interference be made with the present staff of officials. Among the projects spoken of by Dr. Webb as a result of the change are : the re-tracking of the life with heavier iron ; the building of new bridges, a large increase in the robing stock ; the erection of immense elevators at Depot Harbor and Sorel ; a new line of steamers for the gra n carrying trade, and a large union passenger depo Commenting on this important railway deal the OttawaCitizen says : —~The news of the purchase of the Canada Atlantic railway by the New York Central has been confirme i and in short Ottawa will be in connection with the Vanderbilt system of railways. This should prove a sickness I great advantage to the Capital and stim-„	_ „	. ^	, ... n ____' Hua to the growth of trade and
1902: Canada::~A cents in , New York and Chicago-Bank of Montreal.
1902: Canada:Canada:~h |  Atlantic Railway Sold. The  Atlantic, or whal is com-
1902: Prince Edward Island’~s share in tin total of Canada is 8 companies, 92 arcs, and 9,525 incandescents.
1902: cook, us she answered a knock at the etc.	ou id bo practically no ‘~nd^tioM text_books on Canada which set
1902: Canada::~electrical force of the north held. Growing Rapidly Between Eastern while the lower part ia repelled by |	and Western . • ,
1902: CANADA::~OTTAWA, . ......... 12,000,tOO
1902: CANADA::~OF .
1902: Canada::~ity of  the minimum wage to be Notice is hereby given that the partner-
1902: Canada::~The country is paying Charles a pretty decent salary to prumte immigration from the Emerald Isle to , instead of which, according to his own story as re
1902: England:Canada:~cular letters to certain municipal coun* ^,ra^e relations with the States. Among t ils ordering them to make vaccination ^he things he said was that  was compulsory in their respective munici- va^ country with which  >>alities, aud threatening to have them I,Ad favorable trade relations. In confined if they did not obey the order Î tinuance of this idea he quoted the fig-
1902: London. February 25. - In the House of commons today, the Ri^ht Hon. J. W. Mellor, Liberal member lor the S •~*-erby division of York hire, presented s petition 'from the colony of .Victoria, besting 1*8,866 signature*, protesting against any attempt to tamper with the a a'utory declaration of the King < n hia to the throne under the bill of rights. Mr. Mellor presented other peii-ti ns t#> a like effect from the colonies of Now Zealand, Canada and the West Indies and British subject* in India, China, Jerusalem and the ontinent of Europe aud within England itself to the number of 284,647 ; from Scotland, 66, 000 ; Iieland, 16,000, and Wales, 6,
1902: CANADA::~OF .
1902: Canada::~Agent# in , New York and Chicago-Rank of Montreal.
1902: Canada::~In November, 1901, Mr. Sherwood Walker, a fireman on the  Atlantic Railway, living at, Mada-waska, Ont.» writes:—“I am a great sufferer from bleeding piles. Sometimes the protruding piles corns down, causing much misery and uneasiness, and at other times I am subject to bleeding piles, and they bleed to such an extent as to make me quite weak. If Dr. Chase s Ointment will cure this awful ailment you will havo my everlasting gratitude."	¦
1902: Canada::~Kate Muller wan an illustrated lecture on .
1902: Canada::~clothed it is not necessary to agitate in favor of clothing reform At many of the Congo mission stations. on the other hand, the teach-whet lier wisely or not, insist in dressing the children of their schools much ns country boys and girls in  are dressed. Not. a few supporters of missionary enterprise are Inclined to think these teachess are making a mistake in view of the fact that scanty attire in thnt region does not promote immorality or suggest impropriety, and that the little
1902: Canada::~learn that the V P.R business cut and dry to take Roomer lines, and the next wc arc told that the Webb syndicare, which recently purchased the  Atl mtic, are Ivt-tout after these roads, and are bound to have them to perfectthesomewhat elaborate system that has been outlined If there is anything in all this talk, we think we can safely say we are expressing the prevailing sentiment in this section of the county that the big companies cannot get down to business any too soon to suit the wishes of the people of Pontiac. Kveryonc is anxious to see the Pontiac railway completed, and a good lively ser-
1902: will give our people the advantage in ^ acknowledges, however, that an- —~ their own market-* policy of Canada nexation would mean the peaceful exfor the Canadian., and Canada for the [lnc‘,0D1 c( * renoh-Caoadian race,
1902: Canada::~Canadians mean, not the les.  for but declare, th.. tu be preferable to In=-
1902: Canada::~the development,'pro;parity and advancement of , we are but doing our y to that portion of the empire which been special y committed to our charge and lastly we believe in a policy of reciprocal trade under which, while protecting Canadians Interest», we ihall give to ...	,	,
1902: «1 uct the cause of the working-man. He was a brother-in-law of the late Henry j McCormick, who was a master baker for I many years, and uncle of Mr. A. G. Me j Cormick.of this city, who takes naturally j to his calling as a dealer in the products l of the “~ staff of life. '' Deceased had re-1 latives in the United States with whom r he could have spent hie old days comfort-1 ably, and with whom he did live for some years, but he was a loyal Irish Canadian j who preferred Canada for a home. He j was a veteran of the Fenian Raid episode, | and spoiled diis medal with pride, and stilt locked forward to participation in | Hâ,PdWâ,M MflMJlilltS. "	"
1902: Canada::~New grain route from Georgian Bay to Montreal and Quebec, by way cf Ottawa, will probably bo developed by the bulling of the Irondale, Bancroft, Ottawa railway, connecting Toronto Lindsay, Renfrew and Ottawa. The railway will pass within a few miles of Orillia and it is propned to build a liuk connecting Orillia and Kinmount on the new line. This link will give an air lice connection between Georgian Bay and Renfrew, and it is said that the building of the railway will mean the development of a grain business which will rival in volume the business now done on the  Atlantic
1902: Canada::~the oldest and best in  Pure colors.
1902: Canada::~Assurance Co. of .
1902: Careful attention has been given to tho investment of tho company’s funds in first-class bonds, mortgage securities, and loans on the company’~s policies amply secured by rc-Our investments have yielded results better than the average results of insurance companies* doing business in Canada.
1902: Canada::~March 21st	.	,	The  Atlantic.	Rutledge P. O., Que. {£e“”oresaid Municipality
1902: Arch Masons, of Cornwall, on ti nes deveioping< The shops are to romain London, March 26.—~A week ago it election, for a member of the Legislative day night. There was a large attendance in Canada and the new owners of the	reDorted that Gin-ral Kitchener Assembley of this Province, prepared by
1902: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1902: CANADA::~OF .
1902: Canada::~Agrnts la , New York and Chicago— Hank of Montreal.
1902: Before the end of the present year pulsed with heavy loss stiiushun is delikit and if she is ab- the work of ,fl.vinç~ the trans-I'acilic Wauchopc killed, sent any more you can knew that it cable to connect Canada with A us- Dec. 15—Duller advances from Is en acount of unavodabel sticknese tralia and New Zealand will lie be- Chieveley against Boer positions near or something else." A boy absent #un h*v the British Government. The Colenso. British force repulsed on for half a day laid the following ex-	manufacture	of the cable is	in pro-	Tugcla with	1,100 casualties	and	loss
1902: Canada::~ment did not help her much and friendship with the attending phy- that  is not behind the older then acting on the advice oi a neigh-' sicinn. bor, 1 began to liams’ Pink Pills.
1902: Canada::~the oldest and best known paints # in  to-day, made from the best paint material to fight off hot sun and storm, to outlast all others, and at just the right price • for pure paints.
1902: •~j* THE CANADA PER MANENT I and WESTERN CANADA X M ORTGACE CORPORATION
1902: Canada::~!<>oee between the railway companies and the farmers, it is always the farmers who are turned down. And yet the tillers of the soil represent seven-tenths af of 's population.
1902: Canada::~preferential trade is exactly on a par with that adopted id  by the Conservative party,
1902: Canada::~Sold all over  at Grocers, Clubs and Hotels. Those who are accustomed to using imported English Ales will find it the best to be had.
1902: Dr. Chase’~s Kidney-Liver Pills bare by far the largest sale in Canada of any similar préparatif* I hey have	proxon their right to a place in every home as the most thoroughly	reliable	medicine that science has
1902: SSrü'SÏSJZ	****** FJ1““~ Canada.
1902: Col. Hughes’~s plan would make Canada ! MANY small farmers a nation of sharps ho iters, able to hold
1902: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1902: CANADA::~OF .
1902: Canada::~Agents in , New York and Chicago— Rank of Montreal.
1902: Everywhere throughout the British Empire j»~*y prevails that at last the cruel war in South Africa is at an end. In Canada owing to her active assistance in the prolonged struggle, and the fact that the Mood of some of her best sons was shed in upholding the prestige of the mother-land, the news has been received with unbounded satisfaction. The brave Boer has been subdued, but that sub* that subjugation does not mean the thraldom of serfdom or slavery, but rather a participation in a form of liberty to which hitherto he was a stranger..
1902: United States:Canada:~Ottawa the city of conventions, is to be visited <n October 7,8, 9 and 10 by between 400 and 500 delegates from the Christian Endeavor societies of the province. The executive committe of the local societies extended an invitation to the Ontario executive some weeks ago to hold the convention in Ottawa and word has been received that the invitation had been accepted. The Ottawa societies will make energetic efforts to cause the coming convention to be regarded as the moat successful that has ever taken place. Prominent speakers In the  and  will be invited to attend.
1902: Canada::~The record time for the shipment of a grain cargo from Chicago to Montreal has been bioken by the despatch of 17,000 bushels of grain between these two cities in five days, seven days being the usual time consumed. The cargo was shipped from Chicago to Depot Harbor by propeller Yale, and from that port to Montreal over the  Atlantic railway.
1902: W.nisor, Msy23 —~R)v. Cinon C. C. Johnson, one of the oldest and b tat known clergymen in the Episcopal church in Csmda, passed away at his home here this afternoin at the age of 73 years. He was a graduate of old Upper Canada and Trinity colleges and had been in the ministry over 50 years.
1902: Canada::~"The present would be the best opportunity for the Canadian Government to step in with its fast line, so long suggested. 1 am willing to place my services at the disposal of  and to give the Dominion Government the benefit of my ideas.
1902: be dangerous to approach the p’~ace until educated at Upper Canada college, To- I + Daily except Sunday.
1902: Canada::~R. S. Louie, teller in the Royal Bank of , at Charlotte!on, cfimiitted suicide.
1902: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1902: CANADA::~OF .
1902: Canada::~Agents in , New York and Chiesgo-Haiik of Montreal.
1902: Canada::~from  to the above point».
1902: To bo a member of the King'd most honourablePrivyCouncil—His Kxeel’~ency the hul of Minto, (1. O. M. G , Governor General of Canada.
1902: Canada::~judge of the Supremo Court of . I	A MONSTER DISPLAY	I	----
1902: CANADA::~CENTRAL  jf'AIR.
1902: Canada::~Exhibition nevfr stand still. They are I Is the Military Spectacular to he put .... u ways endeavoring to better their grand at the evening entertainments ; this to Ik* show, at Ottawa, second to none in Am- followed by the grandest display of Fire-erica, and make it worth aeoini; yearly bv ".orkfi CVpr Sivpn in . South Af
1902: Canada::~Agiin, special arrangements, have lean made for a display of flowers that will excel any ever arranged in .
1902: Canada::~Altogether the Central  Fair Canadian repvesetatives little to discuss. KL^hL-^aothe,r ™n
1902: CANADA::~pliable wire.	SETTLE IN . *d lttW W01n#t allow thorn to live if
1902: a other perfectly dry powder ' age on an income much less than hoped to reach the Hirsch colonies anothcr cru,so 111 llls .vaclit the Sun-3. Whttleoil Soap —~For young in-10**1 Indeed, many a peer of recent in Northwestern Canada by the mid- beam has returned to his house in sects (scale)—Use one pound in five cr0Ation‘ ft9 wcl1 ns of ancient date, die of June. Numerous friends and £?rk Lane, London, for the season, gallons of water. For Aphis—useM® aWe t0 Inaintain bis dignity with compatriots of theirs are also going Slnce he first took t0 yachting,i one pound in 8 gallons of water I great success on #50,000 a year or there before and after the law al,out fifty years ago. Lord Bras ey For San Jose Scale—In winter use 2 ev6n lea9‘ But the imavoidable ini- against Israelites takes effect. All hus saI,ed ueaily 280,000 knots in a pounds in one gallon of water	tial expenses which a peer is called carried testimonials of their former dozen yachta; tho tonnage of which
1902: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1902: CANADA::~OF .
1902: Canada::~Agents In , New York and Chicago-Bank of Montreal.
1902: CANADA::~cholera infantum and aIIE BEST F0Tt . proving he gradually grew worse know for certain is that traces of it take.
1902: Canada:United States:~List year the Australians and New Zealanders shipped 72,000,000 lbs. of frozen meat. During the same period Canada only exported 10,000,000 pounds to the motherland. The contribution of the United States was 408,000,000 pounds, in the face of such evidence one can only conclude that the Canadian Minister of Agriculture ii asleep. Australasia, with the disadvantages of nn ocean voyage of thousands of miles end droughts which render her pastures worthless, has out stripped  seven times. The , operating under conditions similar to those prevailing here, cutsell us forty tunes. And the worst feature of the situation is that the Ottawa authorities are ignorant as to cim mon places of the meat trade
1902: •~upp'y iba British laies with ten times the amoutV of dead meat shipped from our shores, and provide our ranchers with an almost unlimited outlet for thiir produce. It might be a profitable experiment for Canada to borrow Australia's Minister of Agriculture.
1902: Canada::~is the Military Spectacular to l*o put u.. at the evening entertainments ; this to I* followed by the grandest display of Fire work# ever given in . South Af riean heroee will take part in the Spectacular. which will be unusually impressive
1902: Canada::~With a succession of fifty-inilliouu-for-export harvests  can survive a good deal of extravagance in government ex-l>enditure; but wouldn't it be better to practice a little of the economy so lauded by the Liberals when in opposition ?
1902: Canada::~Furness are so closely associated in business operations that a final agreement is expected by Canadian officials, and the success of the negotiations for a fast Atlantic service under British control is still predicted with an air of quiet confidence by the Canadian ministers, and a corresponding service on the Pacific, between  and Australia, is regarded as an inevitable s quel. "
1902: CANADA::~OF .
1902: mPim Shâ~wlnlgan Faite Agente In Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
1902: Canada::~in the Dominion of . This Synod who cater to their trade. Under the	Bristol Notes.	hones had not united, he sent him again
1902: Œ~eV8rnm.rns	^ controller. Canada is destined in, Tonuny-has he met with an
1902: Canada::~spread of the (lames.	 has the world’s greatest of the muscles. Mad dogs wander
1902: One more instance where quick of the area of his native land, com- ing under a chronic delusion. You thought saved valuable property prising 3,653,000 square miles, or are living in a fool's paradise. Your from fire is wortff recording. It was nearly one-twelfth of the land area condition is positively appalling, at Lynn, where Messrr. Jermyn and of the world, and, excluding Alaska. Why, you are suffering from a mal-Poony’~s shop caught fire during a larger than the United States. It ady which is absolutely fatal, if long sharp frost tho winter before last, extends over twenty degrees of lati- protracted. Perspiration practical-Early one snowy morning a passing tude, equal to the distance from iy keeps you alive. If you didn't constable saw U10 fire and blew, him Constantinople to the North Pole, perspire your pores arc in a deplor-w his tie. Several other policemen Twenty-eight United Kingdoms, sev- able condition, and you are on the oame to his aid. But the pipes were entecn Germany», eighteen French sure road to palpitation, heart-frozen, and no water could be ob- Republics, twenty Spains and thirty- troubles, nervous diseases, and lung tallied. Something had to be done, three ltalys could be accommodated ailments of tho worst, description. One of the bystanders shouted : within Its borders, or three British if you don’t perspire, externally you "Let’~s snowball it l" A regular Indian, or the whole Australian do so internally. Beware when you bombardment began, and within a Commonwealth. Canada forms one- are in such a condition?" quarter of an hour the blaze was third of the whole British Empire. "They say that your finger nails completely smothered with snow and Two Switzerland», says The Leisure are a sure indication of the state of extinguished.	Hour, could be sunk in Lake Su- health you are in. Now, mine arc
1902: According to the Tunes, the testimony of competent witnesses show, “that if something is not done to check the swamping inflow of foreigners pauperism must expand to a dreadful extent and many will be driven tofHHIHflHI of living, who are now earning an honest i hood |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||i|||||||||||||||| Russian and Polish Jews and other continental. undesirables are undermining British labor and leading to the introduction of appalling “~sweat ' systems. And while Great Britain is endeavoring to combat the immigation monster, the Canadian Government are actually paying the passages to Canada of just such classes as the British wish to rid themselves of. This policy can only have one result—the debasement of Canadians, many of whom would be glad to take advantage of such assistance as is being meted out to the hordes of semi • civilised lands of Europe, but the government turns a deaf ear to any appeals in behalf of our compatriots. Canadians would be an ornament to our country, but instead of assisting them to return to their native land, those in power at Ottawa are driving thousands of our young men abroad to make way for aliens morally and physically diseased. Is it any wonder that the medical fraternity have raised their voices in protest against such policy ?
1902: Canada::~Mr. U. L. Borden, leader of the Conservative party, speaking at the binquet of the Canadian Manufacturers Association, held at Halifax a few days ago, spoke in unhesitating and certain terms in advococy of the building up of .
1902: national life of this great country, and | Ware-rooms next door to D. McRae’~s shop called for the adoption of a policy best suited to the attainment of the greatest gaod. Mr. Borden fails to see why Canada should continue to bo the third best customer of the United States, when our patronage,which amounts to $125,000,000 during 1902, in extended at the expense ! P. 9. Hay Forks
1902: he see an reason for permitting the Uni ted States manufacturé~e to maken sliugh-ter market of Canada,and his declaration, that our industries should have full and adequate protection, will commend itself to thoughtful Canadians.
1902: On another great issue now before the public—preferential trade—~Mr. Borden stood on strong ground. He urged that a factory in Canada contiibuted quite
1902: Canada::~keynote of -  for Canadiens," haï W ,WIVW M0OSEJAW.
1902: Canada::~the consciousness that  can furnish
1902: Canada::~employed would be forced to transfer Male or female farm laborers who have his domicile to . That would arranged to work with farmer friends or mean the introduction of a redundant relatives, or for the same farmers they
1902: Canada::~V-j source, comfortably settled in  and paying a comparatively better price for foodstuffs. There would be no ocean freight charges, no duties, no insurance, no forwarding charges for the agriculturist to meet, and there would be the additional advantage of a market ml most at hand, where trade conditions could be more readily observed and taken advantage of. The falacious argument that the farmer “pays the piper" under protection, will not stand intelligent analysis. The “adequate protection" advocated by Mr. Borden, is a broad and comprehensive system of encouragement to all classes of Cansdian producers—of which perhaps the farmer ia to be the most envied.
1902: Canada:Canada:~The corn crop in the United States this year is unprecedentedly large. That will be a bad thing for . The cheap American corn is admitted free to this country to pull down the p com and all manner of And American corn is admitted into Great Britain at a lower duty than Canadian grains, which will handicap  in the British market.
1902: CANADA::~X *-D western  Moutoaoe Corporation,
1902: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1902: CANADA::~OF .
1902: Canada::~Agents In , New York and Chicago-Bank of Montreal,
1902: Canada::~The l nited States government has increased the import, duty on wood pulp entering that country from  be cause of the Quebec act relating to the cutting of the same on Crown lands.
1902: Canada::~Vhis act provides for a stum page fee of <>0 cents per cord on pulp wood, but when such is manufactured into pulp in  a rebate of 25 cents per cord is allowed It. is this reliate which is seized upon as a pretext by the V. S. Treasury Board for poking a retaliatory duty upon our pulp. Our Government would do the right thiuÿ now if they would simply stop our friends across the line fiom getting any of our pulp wood to feed their
1902: Canada::~If the majority of the people of  are protectionists, a# Mr. Tarte truly ¦~ays, it seems an anomaly to retain in power a government that is admittedly composed principally as free traders in disguise, time servers whom force of circumstance# and hunger for office have forced to dissemble their political feelings. What the country wants is the party that invented protection and made Canada what it ia—the grand old Conservative party.—Ottawa Citizen.
1902: Canada::~British Columbia and other Pacific Coast points. Tickets will be sold via all direct routes. The Wabash is the shortest, best and quickest route from  to the points. Finest equipped j nssenger
1902: United States:Canada:~correspondents in , and  for much valuable information supplied to me.
1902: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1902: CANADA::~OF .
1902: Canada::~Agente In , New York and Chicago-Hank of Montreal.
1902: Canada::~lias been so beneficial to mo. I foci trol stations have been established. 1 eft	the trade of  in time as lady's maid. The assistant	-«4__ 1 Thr H,.rhrr—"hid	K "J
1902: Canada::~best and juickeat from  to the above
1902: Canada:Canada:~The  Permanent and Western  Mortgage Corporation,
1902: Canada::~Fhvy are all of the most unde.iralle class i f people, and will coulinue to be a in | curse to  forages.
1902: view to opening depots i i London for the sale of goods mauufac’~urtd in Canada.
1902: Sold aî~l over Canada at Grocers, Clubs and Hotels. Those who are accustomed to using imported English Ales will find it the best to H be had. *
1902: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1902: Canada::~Agents in , New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
1902: Canada::~The Winnipeg Tribute, one of the Liberal Journals in  to remember and support the best traditions of the party, pays Mr. R. L. Borden, the Conservative leader, a high tribute, and incidentally denounces Hon. Clifford Sift on as a political traitor. In a recent issue it said editorially :
1902: Canada::~du 's future forgot them. And why? Mere'y to I
1902: Canada::~will show. They were	up somewhere	rangea in  end what probably will
1902: Canada::~bear, and to him they h ed and purchased I tl gone on with the people of  will Depot, C. P. R. the animal. They took him to a hotel j be a tiniahed at ite magnitude. The __
1903: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1903: Canada::~Aeeata In , N> v Y-:k Bai.k of Montreal.
1903: the Tao Mountains appea , end call a rpa- suffering from contagious diseases of a tk> joists, 3xlo, It! ft.; 08 joists, 2x10. lu ciil 11-rin « f the Supreme i »~urt to deal disgusting tyro, and Canada will reap the a.
1903: usa:Canada:~gm bec after the holidays to replace either cans are spending hundreis of thonds Chief Justice Sir L. N. ( -isault or Mr. of dollars to avert the very disasters that Juitue ( aron.	I  ihowers forth millions to encour-
1903: Canada::~in the large cities of , loath I Eight guinea pigs, inoculated with Western A«surance company and other eorne eye and ecalp diseases have been tuberculosis bacilli», were separated into Canadian corporations. His story te a retirin'.? established by the refuse popula- two groups of four each. These of one markable one. At the hospital he repletion uf Central Europe. The Canadian . <roup were treated to applications of aented himself aa destitute and he begged government was repeatedly asked to put high frequency elec ncal currents from * car ticket to reach the hoapi al a stop to the free entry of affected per- ' Ouiin res mat or. A pole was fastened went under the name of Zilinski and was tons, but Hon. Cliffoid Sifton persist oily to iron piste, covered with a thick placed in a public ward on an order from r jfusad to intervene, urging that the I P&d, and standing on the pad th« pig* and at the expense of the city. Hvmm abases complained of existed only in the ! received a part of the current by indue- was HO years old, a Russian Jew and had minds of the complainants. The situa- j tton. The other four animals were been a beggar amongst the Jewish com-Lion became so acute, however, that the allowed to live cr die without any at inUnity here for 25 years. Last sprite Minister of the Interior wse forced to sp- tempt being made to cure them. Of the |fce Jewish society investigated his point a medical superintendent of iiomi P'g* not treated the first d ed in 16 days ftnd learned that he was wealthy but this giation, and station examining officers at the second in 17 days, the third and knowledge had been confined to a few
1903: Canada::~Mr. Robert Watehorn, the chief of the treaHng human beings to such currents and will come to the city t# tell her story. American Immigration buieau in , ! The doctor is at present treating a large jt ,a known that he has a diu^hter in San in a recent interview stated that “ the > number of patients for consumption, Francise» and it is believed that there are Csna*in Government is still too generous | cancer, rheumatism and many o her several other children in various place*, to admitting Europeans to this country.1 dir.eases, but does not.fee! at liberty to bat none of them has been living at Ami thea he cites numerous instances of I $RV® the result until he lays the matter home. So far as can be ascertained as diseased persona being admitted at our j before his oonfreres.— Montréal Star. yet, Byman made his own investments
1903: Canada::~Hallway Company (an amalgamation of the two Companies formerly known am the Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway Company and the Ottawa Northern an tern Railway Company) will apply Parliament of  at Its approaching session for the pessing of an act extending the time now prescribed by law lor the
1903: to early in January, not in answer to a church call, but as editor of the Church Record, a well known and promising publication devoted to the promotion of th«~ interests the of Ohuich of England in The Doukhobors, that queer Russian Canada, It is possible that with the •~et in Canada, are vegetarian# of the first Chunk Record which is a weekly paper, water. A writer in the Ou'look says: may be amalgamated The Churchman, “One of the few English words they another weekly publication having the know ; grease, and upon my < ffering tame aims as the first mentioned paper.— them any food-bread, for instance—they Vancouver Province, would 1<> k at it suspicn ualy and inquire. !
1903: Canada::~allowed bv treaty between the Unit*" Stall?* end  to l e kept I y curb country on the great lakes
1903: Canada::~A striking fact in connection with the Higher Education in  to-day is the increasing recognition of the value of
1903: Monuwi I» iuterfooi b«m„~ i. ukt- |i Depositors with THE CANADA ^ rwuj t.	».««« , PERMANENT AN3 WESTERN
1903: The light cnvnlry is composed of JWfe’~SgSST SC?CANADA MORTCACE CORPORA-
1903: Canada::~Refore the Shcreefiana moved ways in  apon the modo-rail ays
1903: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1903: CANADA::~OF .
1903: Canada::~R. C. It., vhick relieved the Leins*er regiment at Halifax.  rais.d a force cf 8,372 of all ranks at a total coat of $2,830,905. Tho expenditure on the contingents was $1,990,807, whilst the sum of $831,097 was paid out in couiec-1
1903: aggregate trade of the last 2 or 3 years and ; It is understood that the ma-| spread with great rapidity, and before tho trade of the period of general strin- terial, which includes a hundred gune I tney could be got under control five gency proceeding that period. But if the of various modern types and 850 cases of, wooden buildings, including dormitories figures be compared with those of the in- ’ ammunition, most, if not all, of which and the doctors’~ apartments, were gutted cre^FO of trade dune between Canada and I was ordered in Germany by the late by fire. All tho effort# of the officials the United Staid, it will a?ern that there ! Ameer, he.s been delivered in several were directed to removing the insane inis nothing remarkable aboutit. Indeed, consignments at Karachi and forwarded , mates, but the Utter became wild with if the duty actually collected be taken in to Peshawar, where it was stopped pend-1 excitement and so panic-stricken that not to coosidrra ion it will appear that there 1 ing permission from Simla for its trans only were they unable to help themselves is very little difference in the rate not- shipment to Afghanistan. It still re- but greatly impeded the operations of withstanding the cut t-f 33J p. c, in I mains at Peshawar.	I those trying to save them.
1903: A yar ago • needle enticed tho waist | Arnprior for the lumber woods in August the Canadian Northern purchased the), ^^thweatern, neat La fox, 1 linois, of b W ion;peg lady, Rfcent!y it worked	j a |.e«llî~iy. robust young	nun, air.v^d	Great Northern	Railway, of Canada,	‘a,k *'e<‘nc8
1903: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1903: CANADA::~OF .
1903: Cauade durirc' the coming autumn.-1 A visit tv (Viada is a liberal cdiicati>i> Canadian themes era «citing so much I tu au’.f-c mtaiued puy'e like ltmo i. attention m Eng’and row that tho invi- ona, f the Scotch curlers httly ht re has talion» will 'ikdy In widly accepted. said : “Over home wo have very peculiar |—Lord Strathcons and L 1 Mount j„~views regarding the coldnUs and I mu Stephen have received the warmest per- aay that what I Lavs bjen taught shout annal thanks of the Prince of Wiles for Canada is vas1 ly different from the real their muniticer.ee towards King Edward a conditions. We aro under the impression hospital fund. Tho gift amounted to i in Gotland that Canada is rather a pri-£100,000 in securities, which gave the motive c< untry with none of the im London fund at least £10,000. lire King: provumenta that the old country people a'so expressed his keenest appreciation enjoy. Imagine n.y sur; rite when 1 of such practical inuoiti reuse at jester- discovered that in the way < t nccommo-day's meeting of the fund.	Idâti n in 1 i og*, Car via is vast \
1903: OUE.	,haYl 0f Ü tmTa? °~4ld, m,,ld' who tlwa*8	who are to bo sent to Canada at the ex*	look, under the bed before retiring.-	of lhe Briti.h Government are ex-
1903: Canada::~into  at a much reduced la- i results arc said to be marvelous. it was ever my fate to encounter.”
1903: Canada::~^ tor tojiseif You can make twenty dollars per week. An entirely new proposition, w r.1- for partienlars, Toronto U the CE N IRK of the Tei U isiue*i of .
1903: United States:Canada:~buying the obsolete machines gathered at the United States implement agencies and shipped into Canada. It la not to be wondered at that the  machines shipped into  do not wear or give satis-
1903: Canada::~Sold nil over  at Grocers, Clubs and Those who arc accustomed to using
1903: Canada::~Missouri Congressmen would Like to See  in the Union of States.
1903: CANADA::~OF .
1903: Canada::~from the most reliable Clothing makers in . Come in and examine our Goods.
1903: Growth of the United SU»~es| Canada. Patent Offices. Geographical
1903: ill be merged to make only two ridlnfs. I On Friday last n big deputation from I Sir Wi’fnd Liu r; or in reply said that Cardwell w.ll drop into DuHerin and Port Arthur, North I$ay and other points the transportation question wa.^ r.ot a Bothwoll into Kent. Dundas and Stor- appeared bcfoie Sir XVilfrid Laurier. lion, new one. It was as old as the colonie# ment will lu merged as one riding.—~ A. G. Blair, and Mr. Fielding in behalf were. The Americans had done a great Lennox and Addington will be treated of the construction of the French river deal to improve their tiansportith n, but with similar m?dicine. The two Norfolks portion of the Georgian Bay Canal. ; man to man Canada had dt ne more than become one. The two Durham» are Mr. Thomas Murray, M.P , was the the Culled States. The first, trob’em united, ard Robert Beitb, M. P.f for fiM speaker. He said that be would not | which deserved attention was the bring* West Durham, is spoken of for the favor the proposition if the C.P R. would | ing of the grain from the Northwest dttm'o.	0 timately hold the route. The fact that farms to the head of navigation at*Fort
1903: Canada::~channels to the sea boarl. The American routes were getting the most of it, but we were now making inroads on them and diverting the trade to . There were two ways cf bringing down the grain—one was by canal and the other by railway, lie was in favor of both.— So far the Georgian Bay canal people had done nothing except to ask assistance from the government. They wanted the government to build the canal aud they would control it. XVhat was done was to remove the French River part of the scheme from the other. He had talked over the ma 1er frequency with Mr. Tarte and their views were about the same. The government would not relent in its consideration of this question.
1903: Sir Alexmder Mclv nz e, who is to con !ii.»~t a series of 34 concerts in Canada 1 as sa Ld for Ei g and.
1903: Canada::~I Major (Jetterai involving a ,, under,tood { Grand Trunk Pacific railway for inco- , and re,dy to revolt, l-e.l.ap, thia fie if living lot of Vo. Id on the 2nd range the wh< 3 leorganization of the defences | PoratJon was presenfed by Mr. Leighton | jDfl, has not lessened since the Gamey re ^ of Clarendon, containing In acres, more of  will not be carried out. 1 his i McCarthy, M. P. The capita! stock of the relations hive imnn	•»-.	™	„ or less, of elegant loamy land, 115 acres of
1903: famous Macedonian committee, with j® thronged by cheering crowds, and their uniforms can be moro easily e8t colony of snakes that exists in i* ,,bntiruI aad they form the babit, u base in Bulgaria, to organise a ln * ^(‘~w moments Uie King arrives distinguished and appreciated.	Canada or elsewhere.	lngra*,lod tbat
1903: Canada::~Sold all over  at Grocers, Clubs and \ Hotels. Tlicse who are accustomed to using imported Fngosh Ales will find it the best to j
1903: London, March 25.—~Mr. Ian Malcolm, M R, will give a dinner in the House of Commons on April (* to all the Canadian born members of the House. Colonial Secietary Chsmbcrla n, Lord S'rath-con i, the Canadian high commistoner, and the Duke of Argyll, and th>* Dune of Aberdeen, former Governor Generals of Canada, have been invited to be present. Mr. Malcolm, who married Miss Jeanne Langtry last year, waw born in Quebec.
1903: CANADA::~OP .
1903: There would he no such oppor- Lets to lx»~ supplied could not he tunities under the artificial social better, ns there is no Portland Color which some people nxmt produced in the Lower Provinces, and the bulk of all the ce-or ment consumed in Ottawa, Montreal, and the Maritime Provinces is of necessity imported from Germany, Belgium, and the United States against a duty of 43c. per barrel. The “~Citizen" article notes us a favorable point, that the C P It and the Canada Atlantic railways run right by the doors of the factory, also the water way which gives n free outlet from the warehouse docks of the Company into the Ottawa river and thence direct to Montreal, Quebec, and the sea board cities.
1903: Canada::~The supreme ci urt of  has decided against tho contention of the pro winces of Now Brunswick, N v.i Beotia and Ontario, that by sul sjction 4 of aeotion f>l of thoB N.A. ac% their representation in tho c ruinons should n t be reduced in propped in the rcdUtrr button bill. Vending tho dec lion the measure has not boon taken up by tho joint committee t> which the bill was
1903: . 6kwencsn SSB.ur®~ readon that .iIfwehad mmnufac.urcd io Canada having thereon email[dwelling house with
1903: Thompson, Schell, Roes (Ontario), Galli- bought in the United S‘~atei $63,530,000 her. Grant, Puttee, Lemieux, and Hon. worth of merchandize is that our tariff is Wm. Pattersm. These gentlemen's ut- not high enough to prevent Amoricanmer-terances were features because no two of chandtse entering Canada and taking the them agreed to the policy of the govern- place of merchandise which we cculd nient. Sjme wanted increased protect- make here, with our own hands, to our ion, others free traie, while a third great advantage and profit.	;
1903: Nothing in the Liberal pri cy except tho tariff which permits the Americans to holding of power can bring them to- seize and carry away our money, that the jgether. Each hag hi» parish end of the Minister of Finance, that the Govern ;ime to phy and eioh played what he nient has been ab’c to secure a surplus thought would serve to catch the votes , of thirteen and a half millions, of h s constituency. Those opposed to “~ Every article produced in a foreign the government's attitude joined hands country, and included in ihe tariff rtgu-with those favoi.ng jit in supporting what lationa, can only enter Canada upon the warn offered for their votes.	payment of a customs duty
1903: For the Conservative policy of “~ale 44 The average of these duties paid last quate protection M Messrs, Plain, Vroc- I year upon taxable imports was 2o per man, Roche (Marquette), Bell, Richard- cent, in round numbers, eor, Taylor, IDckett, Morin, Kemp, |	44 It is the consumer of Canada, the
1903: Canada::~Black Stallion, standard bred and registered. Stands 16.02 hands high and weighs over 1200 pounds. Sired by the fastest trotting sire of , the famous ** GENEVA 2.11$ ; trial 2.08.
1903: about Du ess Goods. The Dress Goods we wish to talk ta you about are “ Special Values.”~ It came about this way ; Ten days ago we were open to buy Dress Goods. Two of the largest wholesale dress goods houses in Canada were keen aftt r the order They knew the purchase would be a large one, und that they would get their money < prick if they could get the order. You know it’s easy to sell a man goods if he is your supply account, hero and every wholesale man knows it. The fact is they’ve got to get their price down to sell us, We will give you an example of our close buying in Dress Goods if you drop in any time during this week.
1903: Canada::~i.u< and is getting hit. It ^jing through his hands rode a bicycle grut.Pmg to know that In all parts when eonvalcflcent, and that it was of , I'rthy s Own *au,vts ore remarhttlHc what progress thev made Proving a real blessing to children towards health, and a boon to mothers. These Tab-
1903: Canada::~In  livre l as been an un
1903: would if it were worth two hundred	had never heard He remained	mo-	outcrÀ~ darkness, too. He bit his	| 0f our bust	to Canada, the	time	, be	the case if it were made	in	Cum-	Light foot,	a well-known scientific
1903: come to see the fun again, or, if you nients nassed and nothin? and no !of thf.drawers»~-in that in which he j Canada will have to give something w ith Danish and Australian. Hence the last fifteen years. After making do, it will be fun, not from your one ca,1)c ' i10 ventured to look I kept hlS snrl? °.n^ c°Jla,yshe found hn return to us. She spends, for j \ve c entend that fine, mild, un sal ted, many calculations, he concludes that point* of view, but mine;	you will	round lie turned with a shudder I what ho .wa8	,0°king for’ tt ,)lc.ce °(	example,	next to nothing on her	or very slightly salted butter should	Adam was horn	on October 23, in
1903: ous, the happiest of men —	you will	p^t u„oll the creature on the ta- inclies long*	11 ^a®,oae °/. hls car®~-	country	to safeguard her. Canada,	is tint bet 1er	price which might be ;	investigator las	not yet been able
1903: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1903: CANADA::~OP .
1903: Canada::~grants arc invading  and the	nnd th,s , 8 t'ntir,‘,-v 0,1 account of
1903: Canada::provided that adequate encouragement is given to investors. The Laurier government declines to make it possible to finish ’~s natural products within her own borders. If instead of sending our pulp abroad and providing employment for foreigners, we were to look after the interests of our own workmen, we would open up large fields of employment for our labor and at the same time place large sums of money right at the doors of the farmer. Canada can stand many happy experiences like that which has fallen to the lot of Sturgeon Falls. And the way to obtain such highly desirable results is by adopting a system of adequate protection and adequate encouragement for factories. That is what the Conservative party ad vocales.
1903: Canada:United States:~Is Canada to have another reciprocity treaty with the United States ? It certainly looks as if such were the ctse, Eug-gene V. Hay, the special officer delegated by the United States government to enquire into trade relations between  and the , has filed his report at Washington in which he pronounce®
1903: Canada::~countries. , he says is ripe for	the hunting, killing or having in posses-
1903: Canada::~The trickmen of the  Atlantic Railway have been on strike two months, but dec are they are prepared to hold out
1903: AT HIS MAJESTY’~S LEYEElBlB INTEREST IN CANADA SOME STARVATION DIETS.
1903: Canada::~ever-increasing interest tt few weeks ago. They lived for Inking taken in the Do- dxteen days on stewed rope yarn, of . Canadians have without a crumb of anything else to
1903: Canada::~between a male and a female cousin	The moBt Impressive thing about	are presented at the King a Levee.		possesses	In	the	North	^ree	large	butts	of	water,	besides
1903: CANADA::~When an applicant's request has oN BEHALF OF . ed In comparatively good health, been approved a presentation card is ^ the future granary of the Km- ^ men who went to a small forwarded from tho Lord Chamber-	coincident with tho realiza* i ‘sland off tho Irish coast a littls
1903: Canada::~rooms through which the assemblage remain uncultivated simply because have ts pass, while various court there are no moans available of official# take up. position# in the transporting tliclr produce to State saloons in order to act as seaboard. It is plain, therefore, that guides to those who are to be pro- if  doe# in fact possess such sen ted.	vast undeveloped wheat areas as are
1903: Canada::~quent for about ten efforts and hope Mil. Ezia Dug* ah am. Temple, N.B., was then extinguished.	, wiite# " Have had heart trouble foi
1903: Canada::~*1)11 whist- . The capacity of the plants oper-	rvxs a stop to ooksip.	Applications will be received up to 10 of
1903: CANADA::~OP .
1903: Canada::~procrastination, paign was the , whoro his
1903: Russia::them is growing rapidly. Similar somnolency. Within the last two ^ boms his father said to him Independent combination sales are years four ignorant n peas- «»jt’~s a wonder you didn't blow being held in many parts of Canada Ants murdered a girl and made can- overboard, too." MI couldn’t," was and a line pavilion has been erected dies out of her body. Before tho the quick response. "I was fastened especially for auction sales at Ham- murders were executed they confessed to my fectl” ilton, Ont. It is not the intention that they committed the crime ' that tho Department of .Agriculture make themselves invisible while per-shall long continue to assist these petrating a robbery they had plan-sales, but only until they are Veil established and self-sustaining, is hoik'd that eventually
1903: CANADA:CANADA:~THE  PERMANENT AND WESTERN 
1903: Canada::~by the most disgraceful methods, succeeded in forcing Mr. McPherson on the Liberal party. Their candidate was elected after a carnival of corruption almost unique in . Mr. McCraney appeals as a good Liberal agrintt such methods. Mr. McPherson is used as a tool and is really the parliamentary representative of this small knot of botdiers. When wo join this testimony from such a Haunch Liberal as Mr. McC-aney, with the revelations from other sources, we cannot fail fail to be convinced that the Laurier administration is rotten. When the matter was brought up in the Common?, Liberals, instead of meeting the charges in a manly way, tried to laugh it off. But the people will need something nu re convincing to satisfy themselves that any gang of bo.•tilers, whether led by a Member of Parliament cr not, have a right to free access to the treasuty.
1903: Canada::~statM and jiAgginft  by admitted hi. Mueals ana Kerresnments will be supplied on the
1903: Canada::~Black Stallion, standard bred and registered. Stands 16.02 hands high and weighs over 1200 pounds. Sired by the fastest trotting sire of , the*famous ‘‘GENEVA," (8,345). Race record 2.111 ; trial 2.06.
1903: Canada::~of Victoria University. Toronto. Fellow by I Kemptnllt. Out. .
1903: Canada::~I vacant by the death of Hon. Jas. O Brien. Two Galiciens were found guilty of The strike of the  Atlantic Rail- Mr‘ Q|oran who is a member of the law
1903: Canada::~The Best-fitting Clothing in .
1903: Canada::~McCormick Machines for 1904 will be built in .
1903: CANADA::~OP .
1903: Canada::~Then he suited fur  amt made n d, ad and long-forrotAon marquise.
1903: Canada::~The Liberal machine, which will commit any crime to win power, must be beaten, if the true welfare of  is to be safeguarded. It remains for the j Conservative party to avert the tht vatciud disaster. This can only be done by perfecting its organisation, and no time should be lost in commencing hard w < rk.
1903: Canada::~The present is the time for action. If the government policy card os, it means a tax of $70 on every family in , and this can be prevented by unite l, prompt and unceasing effort.	j
1903: Canada::~in Eastern . Trotting and Illuming every dnv.
1903: Canada::~and cheapest transportation. Ic givei a opposition, pointed out the iniquitous1111 Uundae, hut the government refused long route from Montreal to Toronto to character of the measure, which in ad- t0 vote any money, r orest fares a few the West, and Montreal and Toronto are j dition to costing a vast sum, will destroy ! months agi in ( ardwell nearly ruined the chief freight shipping points of west- the Intercolonial Railway in which sixty- i many and sti.l the government declined ern trade, and the chief consumers in eight million dollars of Canadian money rf e*tend help, Ini view of these oses.  of western products. It is a po- is invested.	?ny be Jaken f% *mnt.ed
1903: Winnipeg, July 30.—~Speaking at Car- ernmeut but a cheap sort of imitation of man to nil constituents. Premier Roblin the policy initiated by himself in 1891 compared his government with that at from his seat in the Legislature. What Ottawa, which had been unable to agree was wanted in Ottawa was a policy which on a common policy acceptable to its own would secure extension of the Intercolon-The Dominion government has decided j people, and one of its members had on ial from Montreal through the Northwest to give the manufacturers of binder twine i aidered its propositions so doubtful in to the Pacific coast, which would give the Judge George Gray last week decided to I*n	Canada a bounty equal to	three vitzhts i their efficiency that he had been com-	West a trunk line owned and controlled
1903: Canada::~accept his appointment as the fifth mem- |	a cent a pound, that being	the amount	tailed to withdraw frsm the government,	by the people of , co that rates,
1903: Canada::~Has successfully harvested crops in all parts of , Great Britain and Europe, and has fully met the most difficult conditions under which Binders must frequently work. In some fields the grain is long and tangled, frequently wet and mixed with clover. In long or short grain and under all conditions of crop the Eüost & Wood No. 3 experiences no difficulty in handling the grain. The No. 3 will not clog ; it can be adjusted to bind all the grain as fast as cut.
1903: Canada::~The section pyatem of work on the  Atlantic railway has been restored in its entirety. At the time of the sliike in April when it was found difficult to secure men to take the striker’s places several patrol gang trains were put at work. It was then predicted that the patrol train would supercede the hand car and becomi a fixture. However this
1903: Canada::~feature which finds no counterpart in  PMpils wlto cuJinot attcatd the regular schools owing to their backward iianvtality or continued truancy and misconduct tie a clog on tho progress of the brighter or better children.
1903: When Blue Ribbon Tea is hermetically sealed in lead it is carted from the upland districts of the interior of Ceylon—where only the best tea grows —~ to Colombo, there to be shipped to Canada. A queer cavalcade it makes —but it carries the richest, creamiest, most delicious tasting tea in the universe.
1903: Canada::~McCormick Machine* for 1004 will be built in .
1903: Canada::~If onward md ever upward be t ikon as the watchword of every Canadian, he will soon be living in a land that is second to none on this grand continent of cure. Seizj upon the opportunities which are yours and you can make out of  what you wi 1.
1903: CANADA::~OF .
1903: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1903: Canada::~Is by far the largest and most Influential In Central .
1903: Canada::~U*hh, expert teachers, and tho finest ) equipment in , we believe we can | do more for you than can any other I School.
1903: Canada::~hastern . Trotting and limining j Greatest Looping of the Loop Act done. Ballot
1903: Canada::~ception of , have consented to this being d tv*. Sir Wilful Laurier refuses
1903: Canada::~The boat evidence of the feeling of  in regard to the respective railway
1903: Canada::~For the opposition policy, which calls for I sait* for . Perhaps the delegates j £,rom tbti Middle West and lines from the
1903: Canada::~Has successfully harvested crops in all parts of ,
1903: Canada::~| kemptvllle, Out.. .
1903: CANADA::~WILL INTRODUCE NEW METHODS INTO '	.
1903: Canada::~damage in Kansas.	| Harpoot and Beirut were to the effect that j of  would coat to carry out three ticulars to hand it appears there had been
1903: Canada::~That the children mty be instructed see, was smashed at Rcadville, Mass, by The  Atlantic Transit Cvmpiny as well ns amused, pnzts wi!! again be Lou Dillon, a five-year old mare, the pro- commenced handling new wheat from the Another feature of the Whitby hair	offered to ihe teacher and public	school	perty of Mr. C. K G. Billings, and	west last week and in a few days the rail-
1903: gliums, cor.», fodder a d pasture cio;>?, bi»t essay* on the wild flowers, grains,	¦ —~	same time last year. The Canada Atlantic
1903: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1903: CANADA::~07 .
1903: Canada::~Our Fur Goods have a reputation. They are the highest grade produced at the prices. Made by the King Furriers of  in latest styles and of best material.
1903: Morristown, N.Y., Oct. 26.—(Special).—~Vernon Bromley, now of this place, but formerly of Trenton. Ont., relates an experience that will prove of great interest to his old friends in Canada.
1903: “~The decision of the Alaska boundary tribun il L.ia been given, and m view o its character the ptople i.f Canada aie, ii our judgment, entitled t > much exptans tien from us as will enable them to torn prebend fu ly the manner in which tlvir interests have been dealt with. We take up the points i f the decision in the order in which they are presented by the treaty under w inch the tribun il was constituted :
1903: absolutely unanswerable dum wes prepared and read to the com musionerb, embodying cur views and showing it to bj beyond dispute that the Canadian contention in this branch of the ease should prevail, and that the boundary should run t «~ the northward of the four islands va r.ol, thin g'ving them Canada. Notwithstanding these f. e s, the membtrs vf the tribunal other than
1903: United States:United States:~atragetic value to Canada an l Bourse ml m le. Tii jiv i?, in our opin ton, no process of reasoning whereby th line thus decided up-n by the tribun .1 can be jus'ilud. It was never suggested by counsel in the course of argument that such a line was possible is snds belong to Canada or belong to the l oiled States. In the award L *rd A1 version (^agrees with the  commissioners that the islands should be d -vided, gitirg the two which possess strategic value to the .
1903: “Second—the lire n r hwaul from Portland channd—substantially the Canadian contention regardii g this line—was that there were mountains parallel with the coast, within the meaning of the treaty of 1825, and that the tops of such mountains should be declared the b *und-ary, the mountains neareit the sea beii g taken. The United S ale* contention was that there are no mountains parallel with the coast, within the meaning of the treaty, and that the boundary must therefore be fixed under the provision of the original treaty relating to ten I ague, and so be run a distance of thirty-five milts from the shore, including in the term “shore’~ the heads of a 1 inlets, bays, etc. The tribunal finds the Canadian contention correct as to the existence of mountains within the terms of the treaty, but the fruits of the victory are taken from Canada by fixing as the mountain line of mountains so far from the coati as to give the United States substantially nearly all the territory in dispute. Around the head of Lynn canal the line will follow a watershed somewhat in accordance with the present provincial boundary. We are of opiuon that the mountain line traced by Mr. King, the Dominion astronomer, along the coast should have been adopted at least as far as the shores of Lynn canal. If effect is given this contention Great Britain had by acquiescence in adverse occupation deprived herself of her right to claim the head of Lynn canal. We should have regarded rudi conclusion perhaps open to reasonable just.fication. No such position cm, however, be taken regarding the inlets lower down the coast. Mr. King s line running along the coast to the Lynn canal, and the line thence -drawn around the head of Lynn canal, following the watershed, would have given Canada the heads of the lower inlets with at least one fine harbor, from which easy access could be got to the interior of At in and the Yukon territory. This would not, ao far as we have been made aware, taken any territory ever actually occupied by United States citizens. It would have given the United States the whole of the Ujr.h canal, including Skagway and Dyea and Pyramid harbor, and it wouid have been, we think, reasonably satisfactory to Canada. Instead of taking the coast line cf mountains a line of mountains has been chosen far b>ck from the coast, clearing completely all bays and inlets and means of access to the sea, and giving the United States a complete land barrier between Canada and sea from Portland caual to Mount St. Elias. We have not been able to derive any understanding from our colleagues on the commission as to the principle upon which they have selected their line of mountains and our observation of the discussions which have resulted in the settlement cn this line hive led us to the conclusion that instead of resting upon any intelligible principle the choice of this line has been a compromise between opposing and entirely irreconcilable views as to the true meaning of the origi nal treaty. The result of this compromise has, we think, been a distinct sacrificefof Canada. When shown there were mountains parallel to the coset within the meaning of the treaty the only logical course in our judgement was to adopt as a boundary the mountains in the immediate vicinity of the coast.
1903: Third—~As to the general question of inlets, the tribunal finds against the content ion of Canada. W c are both strongly of opinion this conclusion is have put on record at
1903: Canada:Canada:~Finally, if the six members had each given an indivdusl judicial decision on each of the questions submitted, we should have conceived it our duty under the treaty of 1903, however much we might have differed from our colteagbe*, to have joined in signing the document which constituted the official record and answers. We do not consider the finding of the tribunal as to the islands at the entrance to the Portland channel or as to the mountain line a judicial one, and we have, therefore, declined to be parties to the award. Our pvsi ion during the conferences of the tribunal has been an unfortunate one. We have been in entire accord between ourselves and have severally and jointly urged our views as strongly as we were able, but we have been compelled to witness the sacrifice of the interests of  and were powerless to prevent it though satisfied the course the majority determined to pursue, in respect to the matters above specially referred to ignored the just rights of .
1903: Canada::~UUIIHIIIvUII W H. It is a aixlepged lamb, winch was touches rut on it will he a few weeks yet chances of the guilty parties being brought year, lie came 13  in 1842, and
1903: The production of g»~ain in Canada, according to a ce ns ne return just issue!, has increased from 139,461,399 bushels, in 18.su, t> 382,411,811 bushels g|
1903: Canada::~production of wheat increased from 32 million to 55 million bushels and by this time has more then doub'ed There is every pro-pect that the production of wheat will increase in much greater ratio in the immediate future so that by the end of the present quarter of a cen ury it will undoubtedly reach 150 million bushels. It is to inch possibilities that the policy of Chamberlain is directed, and thete figure; indicate how comparatively near in the future is the time when  will be in reality the granary of the
1903: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1903: CANADA::~OP .
1903: Canada::~rials used are the very best of their class. The making is done by the best manufacturers in  ; and we sell at moderate prices :
1903: Canada::~14 Janes Building, Toronto,  F. B. CHOATE, O. A.,
1903: Canada::~uto . Thu mill «• d< ai «l largest in .Mid i
1903: Canada::~witch her. The other woman is so "are the fair haired boys in situated that she does not have to	section	of , and it does	them
1903: wJ « ni , i t , ,	. I UC*,,I »~ g 11 e r product.	- Head of being a,nt back to Canada he
1904: Canada::~The Anon Publishing Co., of  are issuing n series of Volumes compiled from tho Newspapers Magazines of the day. The Volume is now ready, and will sent for One 'Dollar with privilege of returning if not satisfactory.
1904: i !' i. have been finding much m the idleness of some 1 >*»~m and women, who re-k for 48 cents a dsy. This is i. protection which should not i Canada, cry the govt ruincut
1904: “~To so frame our fiscal policy that labor in Canada shall be paid a fair liri remembering always that our classes and therefore our producer» manufacturers cannot be expected to compete on even terms with countries in which the condition of life among the laboring classes is altogether different. We do not desire to reduce our laboring population to the low standard of living, to that hard fierce struggle for existence which prevails in many countries. We do not want our laboring classes to compete without protection against the pauper labor of any country.”
1904: Canada::~posited as an evidence of good faith. The Grand Trunk Pacific contract does not exi3\ and the people of  should not allow themselves to be again taken in i.y Sir Wilfrid Laurier and his followers.
1904: Canada::~The Karl of Elgin and Sir 'Thomas Earle also claim the distinction having been born in .
1904: Canada::~The scarcity is put down to the In-	to  at tho time of the
1904: Canada::~Aug. 2, 1849; the third son of the late Senator J. R. Benson; educated at Upper  College ai d the Royal Military College, Sandhurst; veteran of Fenian raid, 1866; joined 21st Hussars, 1669, and subsequently served in 12th Royal Lancers,
1904: fr7mlLontdon^^:^oaï0â~ndlr7he I In Decernb!,' of last .war a firm of	WRITES OF CANADA.	duHn/'the^un
1904: —~two-thirds of an ounce per day. land. The glass-workers went to erous articles on Canada. He was The pupils of the Newton Gram-With the exception of tho condensed France simply because there are no born jn London, Eng., 1856.	- mar School, in Chicago, were terror-
1904: United States:England:~Its, Canada, the  and groans under. The Flint Glass-	removing to  in 1889 Limburger cheese. With this bait he
1904: Canada::~Londoners eat per head is made at may not promote men in his employ. Empire at Montreal, 1903. home. The other six pounds come He has to work the men on the var- Robert Barr, novelist, was born in mainly from  and the United ions grades that tho society stipu- Glasgow, Sept. 16, 1850, but was
1904: Canada::~States; but the higher-class cheeses ,atcs for*	educated in ; school teacher bet a friend $500 that he	,
1904: Canada::~Gorgonzola, Vambert, Brie, etc.,	If he wants $100 worth of fancy	jn  till 1876; Joined the edi-	ask the first girl he met, after leav-	.minutes
1904: France:Canada:~Tho number of eggs eaten is not ascertainable, supplied with 80 eggs by Russia, Germany, Belgium, , Denmark and . But what numbers come in f:onx our own farms Is unknown more, tien the 1< tal consumption of eggs is 1,000,000,000. Placed end to end*they would circle the globe neatly three times.
1904: CANADA::~OP .
1904: Canada::~I lie largest, beat equipped and most efficient commercial school in Central .
1904: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1904: Canada::~Ottawa last week attending the annual *ero delivered by the rev. chairman and meet of the Central  trotting as. R*v* Mr. H**gera, (Baptist,) and an ex
1904: Every winter influenza, or as it is for four time» their weight :n gold, more generally known, the grip makes The most expensive variety are it»~ appearance in Canada. Every those with create or topknots of few years it spreads and assumes feather®. I*ei feet crested canaries alarming proportions. From all are very difficult to breed, and they
1904: Canada::~weuks I warn not only us well as ever	low exhibited	at	the	recent Manches-	ni| Ovor , all over the world,!®	" maintenance	of	them,
1904: Canada::~The Rev. Father Lord. Sr., Montreal, , may# for 20 years from organic heart disease nervousness and dyspepsia and have doctored both in Francs and America, with but temporary relief Agnew’s Heart Cure and was indeed surprised at the immediate relief I obtained. 1 am firmly cenvinced that It will cure anv caee of heart disease end Will strengthen the nerves and etom-
1904: principal in the dicker. The Conserva- That there is need for a ré~volu:i n in live |arty did its best to fix the rtsponsi- the Canadian tariff eo far as it applies to biiity in the proper quarter, but were horse?, is evident from the trade returns . uist by fsdeo Etalements from the Minis of 11*06. From the V ni ted Slates Canada terial benches. They tried to jr^tect purchased 29,791 horses, valued at$860,* Canadian interests by making the Grand 6^2, or approximately $29 per head. ( >n Trunk reapontible ft r the developmeut these the Canadian government collected of Canadian resources, but deception was $158,033 duty, or $5 58 per head, practised upon them at every turn. The To the United States, Canada sold unmasking ot the government's duplicity 1,907 horses, valuul at $340,239 or $178 . of which fu 1 acknowledgement is now p.T head. But the United stites collects made, will destroy whatever confidence $30 duty cn every horse valued under | may have existed in the deal, up to the | $150 and 25 per cent, ou all worth $150 | time of Sir Wilfrid's self-expo ?ure.
1904: Canada::~wholesale house in  issued their new price lists, showing an advance of from 7{ per cent to 20 per cent on all lines of Cotton goods. We are exceedingly pleased to make the statement, which we arc in a position to prove at our counters, that in the face of the big advances we arc in a position to offer all goods as mentioned above at last year’s prices—a saving to you of from 7\ per cent to 2Ô per cent on every yard you may require. Is it any wonder our business is growing in leaps and bounds, when wo arc always planning in advance to the mutual advantage of our many customers and ourselves ?
1904: Canada::~Tho Andorra Furniture Campany propose locating in North Bay. They were formerly at Woodstock, but the p a d was acquire 1 by the  Furniture Ctmpany,
1904: CANADA::~OF .
1904: CANADA::~OTTAWA. .
1904: nms 1‘~inlt Dills not only In Canada First avenue, Fast and Third street
1904: It is humiliating to iTl British Canadians to know that the Bourassas shape arc not altogether to b’~arnc for incurring! the policy of Canada towards Great Bri-
1904: ¦	¦~	,	.	..	..... , of Canada put in a fa’se position by the
1904: •~Mr . L tl *ur tel ct uf the Into Lustachv I said company declared to l>c for the La 11 nr of l a un u 1 an 1 d d li. ro hast gvnvrvl advantage ..f Canada.
1904: teroay a»~ ! t a	ni	w young	team of 5 mut 6 | Canada,
1904: CANADA::~OP .
1904: MONEY LOST.—Somewhere in Shaw-ville on Thursday, March, lûth :i wad amounting to seven dollars, ($7.(Kih—~Dominion of Canada note4. It also contained a receipt made out in owner's name. The Under will be rewarded on returning the money to The Equity oliice.
1904: CANADA::~OF -
1904: Canada::~The twenty second annual meeting of the ehareholders of the Federal Life Assurance Company wf  was held at the head eiïice of the company In tlint the barrel contained I Hamilton on Tuesday, March 1, 11)04. The President, Mr. L'avid Dexter, In If there is anything living in ! the chair. The following reports and financial statement were submitted.
1904: Canada::~where the Fielding tariff followed the season for hay* Poster tariff has  prospered
1904: England:Canada:~formerly r f Liverpool, , aud who Crowe, formerly of Ottawa, are under ar-has been a resident of  for iho|resfc at ^aul: Ste- ™arie« Ont., on the A forty thousand dollar tiro occurred at paît «even year», [il.adod guilty yesterday charge of hotdii « up another lumberman Rideau flail, the vice-re'gal reaidenco oo before Magietrate Tn rney" to stealing $701 n»,0«d McCormick in a local hotel and re- Sundiy morning.
1904: penitentiary for two>eira. Chief Matt Fifteen years ag«\ Mrcire Levesque, well and favorably kuown throughout the •~on effected the capture in Ottawa, 11 F.cnch Canada riveras*», belonging Ottawa valley, died last week.
1904: CANADA::~ballasted an hour and a half. Before)	----- |	b* sent to .	I week.
1904: CANADA::~OF .
1904: The argent, host •~ elMcient connut Central Canada.
1904: • •~ OTTAWA, CANADA •	Cm era! Manager.
1904: Canada::~8cV-me before committing  to such friend.'' The opposition 'leader'pr''Lily ¦u !iruo expenditure, the Liberals were moved the adjournment of the House, only able to muster 19 majority. The | * *u ‘l waa Hu;t imout.t to a vote of con-«me , cglcct ,f W.liamenlar/ Ju,i«	^
1904: 1 ll ^ > 111 V-'iitd out by Hon. serious dec! .in v Inch h; s \ l iced prices- talons, 1 gameu s and the respiratory A. G. I»~ a r, thegrta'eU railway authority below those in force befozv Mr. Fislnv | 0,c:m.8 n.ay l y patiuit, constant and in in Canada, that along the line of tl e became tho Modern Ceres. Just as soon ^vising uw be gradually brought to per
1904: Canada::~been forced to tender his opponents an | startle the world.	the largest manufactories in . are very liable when they have been left
1904: Canada::~Represented In tha Dominion of  by
1904: CANADA::~OF .
1904: Canada::~The Premier Commercial School of . Open tho year round
1904: Railway Company is comparatively	!llL‘~ l,e,,l,!o of Canada, they would ltd!
1904: Canada::~the desired job. Mr. Russell has this | owned by and under the control of advantage, perhaps, that on any occasion | the people of .” when the government wanted eume offender whitewashed, the task invariably fell to tho man who now seeks to place himself on the* Nova Scotia bench. Both candidates will not again appeal to their I Thursday in moving his amendment to constituent, so that they need have no Khe motion for the third reading of the
1904: Canada::~used during the coming elections, but it ever delivered in the House cf Commons . frcjght rates ; and with no genuine guar-ieaafe to say they will not be submitted , of . The speech was in striking j antee that the traffic of the railway will aa the word, of the men who were look- contrast to the flowery, hazy deliverance find it way to Canadian porta, ing for a reward for .heir aerrlcea. The j of the Premier in introducing the bill.	%%%"
1904: Canada::~Peforboro in tli9 first city in  to give a franchise to the Canadian Machine Telephone Co., which is a competitor of the Bell Telephone Co.
1904: Cauida, were arrest d last *e«~k at Og- Progress of Calgary and Growth densburg, N. Y, by V. 8. Immigration The by-law to grant a bonus of $20,0001 Inspector Farrell i:ni deported to Canada, to J. M. Hose & Co., of Brampton to lo cate their works in St. Catherines, Ont. was carried by a vo!o of 1,058 to 52.
1904: Canada::~that in his opinion, Eastern  was Prospecte are good for a good influx cf tunates were hurled in every direction not to be compared with it.	Belgians and oth r settlers into the dis- When picked up life was extinct in each
1904: Alberta, he a'tVed, ii fid ng up rapidly, tncts of New Ontario. Mr. Hooter Char- ca8?# Miss Lizzie’~s buoy was severed, and is this season getting the bulk of the manne, iho Belgian consul, a id Mr. The listers and brother came to Herki-lmmigranta going to the territories. Alfred D cJ c\ representing the Ottawa mer from Canada a few years ago and had Towns are springing up at a rsmaikable	Valley Immigration se c.ety returned tins	Linc0	been	employed	in	a	knitting	mill,
1904: usa:Canada:~of nearly ten thond, the population tho outlook and will recommend people a leper will be ordered from the Lazaretto having more than doubled during tho last fioin his count y emigrating to  completely cured. Tins week, Lousiana four year?, and he has the idea thit r is to locate there. The two gentlemen Lepers’ homo at Indian Camp wdl dingoing to maintain it? preient rale of visited not only Nipissing but Vi le Marie, charge one of its patient», a Creole boy, growth. A million dollars’ worth of Baie dee Peres and other points on the a native of New Orleans, aged 15, who buildings were bt-ing put up last ye^r, | Quebec side. Inquiries made show the ; has been eflVeted with leprosy for four and the indications are that this will be | land 10 lo particu'aily fertile From 20 j years and has been under treatment at
1904: Canada::~Represented In the Dominion of  by
1904: Canada::~of .
1904: Canada::~Tbn Premier Commercial School of . Open the year round
1904: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1904: Canada::~T. H. Belyea, Postmaster of Lower Windsor, N B., Endorses an Opinion Popular in all Parts of .
1904: Canada::~Come with us and see this greatest Exposition in the history or tho world. New anil elegant palace built especially for this irai-now running daily between Montreal, Toronto and St. Louis, oyer the Canadian-Pacific-Wabash short lmu This is by all odds the shortest, best, quickest end only true route from  to St. Louis. Tickets are good either via short line or via Chicago, with stop-oicr At Detroit and Chicago without extra Charge. All principal Wabash trains arrive and depart from World's 1- air Station. For rates, time tables and descriptive folder, address J. A. Richardson. Diet. Pass. Agt., northeast corner King and 1 on^u bUi.f Toronto.
1904: Canada::~It is wi:h p'eaeuv.t that wo draw ntten-1 say what tho duiivs may be when the ti h iif ( nr readers to the annual 11 n t e - conditions arise under which the dumping men: of tlie Mvichants Bar k uf , clausj is meant to be operative. It is
1904: Canada::~Le , the Montreal French Lib-1 ai,d tho writer is s) confident <>n this
1904: Canada::~s und posit i n which banks in geuer.d enjoy thr ugh cut the Dominion u fully confirmed in the Merchants Bank of . The profit and loss s'arment cbsirly indicates that the institu i »n has enjoytd a g i d share of the patronage of the public in gemr.i’, for after paying the usual dividend*, making piovis'on for losses, e*c.. the management have been able to add £300,000 t > R tat ac count, making the following figures :
1904: Canada::~of .
1904: Canada::~The Premier Commercial School of . Open the year round
1904: CANADA::~OTTAWA, .
1904: Via the Chicago, Union Pacific and “You complain of the expense of a North-Western line from Chicago, typewriter. Why don’t you have Aug. 15 to Sept. 10. Choice of your wife do it?” “I caji't dictate routes going and returning. Cor res- to Wy wife.”~ pondingly low rates from all points in Canada. Two trains a day from Lever s Y-Z (Wiee Head) Disinfect-Chicago through without change. ant soap Powder is a boon to any Daily aid personally conducted tour- I ^ it disinfects and cleans %& ist car excursions. Write for itiner- '
1904: Canada::~^7d,l>71,244. the highest by many mil lions iu the history of .
1904: Canada::~iteration, and who has time and ngft'n 's expenditure was lees than half stated tint he will nei.h -r be bought oil' wi>at jt i8 today :	Then there exists a
1904: Canada::~or to put forth claims that it wi 1 be le-peiiecl this year or next when the electorate is ogam appealed to. As a mattvr of fact there is tho ten of reason fur thinking it w:ll rut be repeated. The Leurrer Government, m Quebec as in other provinces, has presented tho unu-ual sp.c-tide in  of an rdminiMration losing in the bye-electione. Since 1900 it has lost Laval and nearly lost St. Hyacinthe and Hochelaga. 1 h ally in provincial politics, the Parent Oovernmsnt has Buffered even more severely. In tho cases of both i he Mackenzie and tho Bo well governin', nts the loss of parliamentary seats in the bye elections presagtd ever-
1904: Canada::~the largett millinery house in .
1904: Canada::~of .
1904: Canada::~Up-to-date business methods, expert teaching talent, splendid e-qulpment, elegant apartments and exceptional success of graduates, have made this magnificent school famous as the Premier Commercial School of . Send for free copy of our beautiful Catalogue*
1904: Canada::~,	, u, .	.	ing the militia in  and the Hon. appomtuien of Capt. John Stewart
1904: Canada::~A high-clasa residential and day school for girls. Modem equipment. Socialists of Euruoan training and of the highest academic and professional standing in every department of work. Foe booklet apply to MRS. G FORGE DICKSON, L*dy Principal; GEORGE DICKSON, M A., Director (late Principal Upper  College).
1904: Canada::~very neat great, grist of facts and figures with regard to , its resource», mineral and agricultural, etc torical points, territories and other Canadian information of great value. This little booklet should be in the
1904: Canada::~hands of all plication to Dr. Oronhyatckha. Supprime Chief Rangei1, of the I.O F., Temple Building, Toronto, .
1904: Canada::~days w! en It did aer?iet in an tag or.oui tion in the House of Commons.	. .	..	,	.	, r . [bsee methods htnWd at bv the (h server dice of 1901, dee goed to submit  ¦¦ ¦ n i .	n
1904: Kvt-n the guileless Mr. Lemieux, whom Bruce just kef* re the list session rpened, sustained is put forth as a stund reason that pré~para? ions ora being made therefor, decision of Canada's pari ament the ques-' 1 », .	s	.	.	receive! greater m»j rities than their	why alt opposition to it sl.ou’d	cease.	Jn ,DJ the c«stricts of New Ontario	tion of our so'diers figh i «g outside their
1904: Mr. Rainville delights to h-n,r. ,s	no.	Con,erve|jT0 p.edec^n obtained in	Tko que.lion of the government's	record	'-‘~true.,on, have been received ly a	country ; that ho claims for Canada	the
1904: Canada::~The program of special attraction* for excelsior woollen mills company will | c.ntral  Fair, to be held Sept.
1904: Canada::~16th to 24th, is probably the best ever put on by a fair management in .
1904: Canada::~MERCHANTS BANK of .
1904: Canada::~exceptional success of graduates, have made this magnificent school famous as the Premier Commercial School of , Send fur free copy of our beautiful Catalogue'
1904: Canada::~St. Louis World's Fair.  receives ear,y c,08in* ^r the fall and winter
1904: Canada::~are previously frozen and are placed	PHARMACY'S HUMOR.	from &II points in .
1904: Canada::~The finest region in  for the hunter who wishes to secure Moose is the Tomagumi region in New On-In scores of instances the Bible is tario, and now ca*v of access by the tho only literature of a language, (jrand Trunk Railway System and Often a language is first reduced to North Ray. All information regardliterary form in order to produce a jng guides, routes, rates etc.,
1904: Canada::~tho sacre ineat of tl o pol ing booth. Tho that the  Atlantic pastern into the It has been definitely derided that Utin i1* ^r,le>’ K8ncr*'n“«^ to answer for what „wnor«hi|> and control of the (IT It , hut
1904: I ^ n ‘‘~e tar " 189110 *hc voters	of Canada	ag >, (h it in i-iokirg over my case for trial, \	Ihat the euKtern section of the D T P., is
1904: Canada::~Many are tie curious epistles which n id the r way int > the government maii fr on unfonuncte hut d,informed inJiv-j! dunU ahi.ud. Urn raocc of  and (*r,iiu n itutior* i< frequently filue-
1904: Canada::~of .
1904: Canada::~with Principal Armitage of Shawville as	ed that this brdge was a work which had	corporation, and  will be
1904: Canada::~of .
1904: Canada:Canada:~much of that inert * o *"s  going to bo able to hold whin the consumption of Great Britain, inflated by the period of prosperity, declines to its normal capacity 1 Denmark in 1N)3, supplied nearly 44 per cent of the British demand or nearly 200,000.000 pounds. The aver a-'e price ruilz-d fur that buter over 3 cents in exco m of that which from .
1904: Canada::~over increasing products of  dc- .
1904: Canada::~and the name of  degraded.
1904: Canada::~porta:ion. We know that the people are willing to provide generuudy whatever money may be necessity for the develop cnent of the Dominion and our policy is tc extend and improve its transportation facilities by land and by water. But we insist that what the people pay for the people should own and control, that publie money should be used for , for its people and not to promote the trade acid wealth of foreign ports.
1904: J am a firm supporter of Protection—Adequate Protection— the policy upon which the foundation of Canada’~s great prosperity was built. I believe in protecting our home industries our workmen and our farmers ; and instead of wearing and using articles imported from the United States and other foreign countries, encourage the manufacture of these necessaries here at home and proudly label them " Made in Canada."
1904: Canada::~If the Conservative party is given a chance to back up the Chamberlain policy, which would mean, among other things a preference in the British markets for our wheat and other products, it will make the farmers of  the
1904: Canada::~It is jiiit as we;l that those who figure upon  retaining and increasing her
1904: Canada::~nnd the whole is to be absolutely con*, trolled by a c, rpor.u'un interested in To The Ele.tob* or  :
1904: Canada:Russia:~;n 1895. The truth of the matter is that the people of GratiBritain were compelled to seek new^|^^i of supply to meet tho increased flHd. They found them in Canada, New Z aland and Rus-jis. The importa from  increased 370 per cent, from New Zeeland 369 per cent, and those from  by nearly 280 per cent. The question now is how
1904: Canada:Canada:~Electors of Pontiac ! Stand by the party of that illustrious statesman (Sir Jolm Maedonahl, whose name is enshrined in the hearts of the people of ) of which Borden is now the head Stand by the party whose ; Policy is  for Canadians.
1904: Canada::~name of . I nejd only call	at en-1	thour	w.ts struck	on the side of the	head
1904: According to the original tiguiea enter [ Parry Siun d company’~s mill yesterday ed in the schedules by the enumerators, n orning and di d from the effects of the a large area of land in Canada yieîde 1 a c dent in the evening. The splinter two crops during the census year. This entered h:s head below the ear, ehatter-gave lise to a seeming anomaly be ween ing both jaws and inflicting terrible in-the area in field crops in schedule 4, an 1 juries to the mouth. It became firmly the area of crops reaped, the particular imbedded in the head and was removed of which are given in schedule 5. Thre by the surg, ou from the opposite side of two areas very seldom agree, fur fainiara the head. Brefehour leaves a wife and frequently sow but do not reap, whilst a | one child, va t number get two crops from	some	.
1904: Canada::~Executed ill best Style. [ land in  from the Atlant e to the *,reA* Britain. There will be a change
1904: „~ ^lc Oncst region in Canada for the nter who wishes to secure Moose
1904: Hiver Gagnon, (v,ue., Oct. 81.— (Special).—~No complaint Is so common among women ns Pain-in-the-liuck. It is a safe estimate that fully half the women in Canada are afflicted with it. For that reason every evidence that there is a sure and complete cure in existence is thankfully received. And there is abund-
1904: Canada::~Do not fail to record your vote on the 3rd of November next for the best administration  ever had.
1904: Canada::~railway proposal is to give tens of millions of the the country's cash and securities to a big railway company to build a railway across . Tin
1904: Canada::~or if it shall be a free gift to a The Conservative part) big corporation, which offers no I years ago saved the people of guarantee that the people's  from becoming hewers interests will be protected. f	wood and drawers of water
1905: Canada::~of .
1905: CANADA::~OTTAWA. .
1905: Canada::~The shareholders of the  At-1 cr,,t,P*L lieutenant Abbott m command of January next. 1905, at ten o'clock in Untie ml way have formally	ratified	the	of ,heuBCOUle has	requested	that	aid	be	the forenoon, for the purpose of then and
1905: Canada:Canada:~Liberal papers are seeing curious things in the situation of the Conservative party in . They are not seeing anything inoie curious or unpromising however than the spectacle < f Sir Wilfrid Liuricr, prime minister of  journeying from Ottawa to Montreal and from Montreal to Quebec to prevent one lot of hia from sticking their knives into Mr. Pareil*, premier of tail feather the longest of any bird alive the province, and ano’her lot of friends, n* h * vanities on an average measure 20 K	feet.
1905: Canada::~Made big enough for a big J. man to work in with comfort. Has more material in it than any other brand of shirt in . Made on the H.B.K. scale it requires 39 to 42 yards per dozen, whereas common shirts have only 32
1905: Canada::~Ii of any Hunk in  and the piincipal points in the United Stat
1905: Canada::~he said, in  on uci 1 -rah t ion of potuto x ini you cases mill insects meids Imve been « «
1905: The prize list, recently received, shows that the premiums have be*n increased to an appr. c able extent, ai d among the frp 'cial priz e are thirty five Gold Med ils. At th » Me In's of the C n‘~r d Canada Exhibition Assoc a*tr n are greatly priz'd, there will und lubtedly be great c nnpati-tion this year for theie prizes. Toe sum of t‘7**> is ottered i i special priz *s for Bread, and this should n cet wi h much favor hy the go A housewives of the district. In the poultry section, special prizes are given by the Ottawa Poultry Association and a selling c’ais has L.en added H. B. May of Bos m and Newton Cosh of Putt Dover, Ont., will judge the Poultry and F C. Wagner of Toronto, will judge the Pigeons. Other innovations this year will be the keeping of the Exhibition Buildings until o’clock every evening so that late arrivals
1905: “~ Tho wts ern half of Canada is the tural experiment stations,’ which are the	I).*, Frank J. Touiesant, who has re- j,s-* Petersburg immediately. A con-
1905: Canada::~Praise Western .
1905: Canada::~rile Central  Exhibition
1905: Canada::~These orders are payable at par at any brune It of any Hank in  and the piinripal points in t lie l idled State*.
1905: Canada::~ment appears iti the Hull City Advance, ber about 400 went out to the Farm, the control ol \\. M. Fyfc, late of Mout-but not in our Quyon co-tern, which as I wllAro tll0V bad dinner, and were shown real, , and Cincinnati, things go, has a just claim to it, from a the numerous objects of interest by Dr. The retiring proprieter, Mr. Fred party stand point aside from the fact that launders and his stall of courteous hittaker, will make an extended visit it is published in the county in which the |	The train consisted of eight ^ las mother's home in Huntington, W.
1905: thv \ , nn tr 8idv vt tlii' 1» Tilvi. rit’h fully V im.ila, ami Mep* will ;»r >1 ably ; lu» taken t e t ahhflli tl;< boundaries so am followed t »~ give Canada vithw h recompense or immediately by a it itemeut that Sir thv territory Mated. The strip of land Richard Cartxvnjit, Mr. Sjott and Mr. involved is m-xvial miles in length, end Fitzpatrick were to leave the Govern- 1 bom one-half to a mile in width. It has ment Their successors even were named, ! n population of about 4.ÔC0. not by opponent! but by members of the Liberal party, presumah’y concerned in advancing its interest«. These inh rests might well ennueli he advanced by the retirement from a useless position of that counterfeit « f a statesman. Sir Richard C«rt wright. No
1905: Canada::~i* liy the Central  «iciati'in fur its fuir. Sep-
1905: “~The people of Canada have not yet awaker e l to the importance of the dit-cowries in the Tumiskaming. American prospectors mid capitalists are arriving by every train and boat
1905: Canada:usa:~As usual, there will he trotting nt d ruin ing races in connection with the Central  Fair. September 8th >e ltiih. There will be events on the lltl-, 12th, 13th and 14th, for which over t*o thond do) at in pursvt are offered. On the 15th there will be a pony race, and in addition a large number of athletic events. Altogether the sporting program of the fair thii year is the best arranged.
1905: Canada::~The  Atl int c Railway will pats into the hands of the Grand Trunk Railway Co. on September 1st.
1905: Canada::~A report from Bialey says Lord Roberta may not be able to come to  this fall as he proud ed.
1905: Canada::~Ii is estimated that about $,'340,000 was paid in bounties on coal oil produced iu  duiing the last fiscal the rate of one and one half per cent per gallon this would represent a net output of some two and one-<juarter millions of crude petroleum. This output of Canadian wells is, while considerable, of course far short of the total consumption.	In
1905: I	They Drive Pimples	Away —~ focc	cov-	funs	fioin	all	points	ill	Canada.
1905: Canada::~Tlie [Central  Exhibition
1905: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .;
1905: “~ Any person, not residing in the province who is desirous of acting as a commercial traveller by soliciting or taking orders for or selling goods, wares or merchandise, other than intoxicating liquors (who are brought in under another clause), or by advertising or offering such goods for sale, by sample, catalogue or price list, for a person, firm or corporation having no place of business in Canada, «hall first obtain a license therefor from the collector of provincial revenue for the district in which he begins operations in the province.”
1905: Canada::~or Cemetery |	I The Central  Exhibition
1905: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of . \
1905: nient, lx;lutiful apittincuts, teachers ..f j the highest st un, I lug, ami une«~i milled | suc cess in securing position*, our SchoAl of I elcgraph) is the 1,,'st place in Canada | iu u ilk'll to • utv \ OUI 11 .lining. I ' in ducted oil the same high grade basis as ? »ur lilt si iicst ami short hand depart ment s, and endorsed by the crack operators of the Vsk for a copy of our handsome
1905: Canada::~Michigan's Insurance Commissioner Can Find Only Good to Say of  Life.
1905: Canada::~Insu rauvo I *c- 1 hr Company lms thus est aid is In <1 a Flood and part ment has completed an investi- community of interest hvlw vrn galion of the  Life Xssmanvo loliev ladder and the
1905: it tempt m any way to in- | Company's s ets," I’~ho Canada Life's 118VV when it retpu
1905: the Company is transacted with as especially ré~assurai; several of the lending Banks of vomes from lnsiirai Canada, preference being given those banks giving the Company the best terms.".
1905: Canada::~Them in probably no other pint Kufltorn  with
1905: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of . \
1905: Canada::~from all points in  of routes, licit of Service. For full ; j>xj part irnlnrs and folders write to It |
1905: Canada::~|Tie Merchants Bank of .;
1905: Canada::~Thu question whether our forests power, whatever are to be permanent is ono of special it lmd been had not crushed but dis- interest to  ns the privai o
1905: Canada::~pleirrcl with llie prospect of going Mall. I do not know (hit mv art- ,	. ' '	", hu' s 1 S""l| ' In  the pressure of populo
1905: Canada::~The act providing for a bounty aevi nty-fivo cents per one hundred pounds on lend contained in ores mined in  stipulâtes that the tot « 1 sum paid shall not exceed $500,000 in any fiscal year, and tint when the “ s‘audard . *>J u' *’•	11 •« Govern her 20 — K ev« n
1905: Canada::~Made in  by Canadians.
1905: From Feb. 3 to 10, the ice tr.ck on the Ottawa H.ver will be th > rco.'o « f rouie nnr | of the tiueit »~i ort ever witr.essed in VUISe I Canada, for the Ctivral
1905: Canada::~Association will again put The events un hr this association's f | management have without exception been the nv st ratiafactory. for both competitors and spec'ators, ever held in .
1905: Canada::~F II. Wall, pres ; cx-A!d. W. Cunningham, vice pivrident ; E. McMahon. secntyy.tr,asurei, U lawa,  : E J. O'Neil, track manigtr.	,
1905: Canada::~First English Periodical Firm to Publish in .
1905: has ever had anything to do with, has tiren ©~elected as the first publication of that famous publishing house to be printed and published in Canada that the announcement is made in
1906: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .i THE WILLIS WAY
1906: Canada::~Rn lance due lo oilier Ranks In .. Dividend No. fib, payable 1st December, 1905 Former Dividends unpaid..................«
1906: Canada::~Will  Feed the World?—The Peace Hiver County—The New
1906: Canada:United States:~It is os fat as the valley of the Nik. In Manitoba, where the land has been used over and over for wheat, the crops are almost twice those of the United States. Our average falls lower and lower, it is now only about thirteen bushels fo the acre, while the average In  is twenty bushels or more. Much of this new land produces 30 and 40 bushels, and here about Edmonton the fanner* discuss 50 bushels as a possible winter wheat yield. A good average on I he new lands well fanned would probably be 25 bushels per acre, or almost twice what wo are getting in the .
1906: Canada::~good price for winter egg*, when Christ- Investigations by the Live huvk mas chickens sold for 25 to 30 cents a Branch of the Dominion Department of mir and turkeys for 0 cents a pound. Agriculture into the al edged shortage of when butter was plentiful at 12 to 15 cent* hogs n  has been falling off. Even a i uuod and good apples at $1 50 a barrel. I before the ordtr was issued debarring Today the farmer will easily get double packers fr m imputing l kited State these	il the open market, so that h tv he ,1 .lightered in bond, diffi ’u!ty
1906: Canada::~than m , costs $125, is pulled	shortage brought fr-m the packers and
1906: dec iv is c it would seem reasonable to	then fore to be at a 1 »»~s t > undets and j the	situation,	Canada's	valuable	bsc in
1906: Canada::~Made in .
1906: Canada::~Lord Strathon* hn* predicted that before this century has ended  will have » population greet*r than that
1906: who1 s »wa would be bn d for the supplie# within from 10,0001 > 15,000 begs weekly, The remains of the Hon Tx lyrr.o id of ih • f.«~ 1 just pist, and a* eus* grains according to the season the output fr< m Prefuntaioe were interred at Cote e'es high an I latxir scare-* at i hat lime Canada las reached about $13,OJ0,Olii Nigea ceuietiry, Montreal, on Thursday tna-iy t. u d »«.ws were sent to the market, annually or 20 per ce it of the »o al niornirg last week, with all th* hoo A .'«in it is aguid that the majority « f quantity of bac n importe! by <Ltat that could he confirmed on them by j have n t en:«ur g d the produc* (hjtam. To j npard z-* an valuable an 1 church and * t'e. An imrotme thruig h ge rf the bacon type and weight, industry would be nothing less than a of feople, including meat of the prominent i.umh^r of yen» luqr ivcment in national calamity.	publie men of the Dominion as wel aathej
1906: Canada::~meet of the Central  It cm g Assccistio » which opens here on S&iun ay nex*, promises to he the giea'es
1906: Canada::~Made in  by Canadians.
1906: eh-'tiid return from interesting letter fi< m Mr. Li mel Hod- !81 ivra i m fegi*]atm„ t0 restrai i t?iv i*» »* \\ wed a largo do»o of Haris K ,îs» (*h° is loom ed near the new town « i °pe* » » »~ns of u urers in Canada mod a b: 1 . She ran to tlie neighbor! and told Mortlach, Sink..) dated January 7th — ma>* be introduced next session framed < n K ha l the had d me. Tlie prompt at tun- ï'a,,î® p»rtiuit *4 the le‘tvr being of I he impeiisl money lenders' sot I 4 Jance of a phy-i an tare i h»r Me.	genertl interest to our res fera in Pontiac, *h:a !&w, w here a money lender to L. /
1906: A tig us i »~lsen, white standing over a said that trade with Canada in the put with the exception of a week of rough n ,,|J l,ia I he court may, morever charge i f dynamite at Hawk Lake that year had been vtry good. There was 110 weather in November. Our cattle and " . .1 a refund of the excess chargea if hrivl hung fire, was blown !•••~) feet into doubt prosperity in that district was hones are stilt feeding out on the pra rie l and may order the lender to in-the sir, and his marg.ed be ly was picked largely owing to the preference Canada and getting fat 0 i it. We had s dry Fall ue:; n:,X 1 he borrower for any securities up wit.i the .eg, sku.l a id jaw fractured, gave. Comparing the trade of Uuddvrs- and there is about three inches of tne top *	1 'v^jcb he may have parted in the
1906: Canada::~A Seattle judge granted thirteen bold with that of the States and , of the l»nd not frozen, and the farmers trlr81c‘ion. divorces in seventy-tive mimv vs, the chsiiinao said* not wit het viding the are eeill cultivating the land and getting %%	.
1906: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of . THE WILLIS WAY
1906: Canada::~considerably by thu wide stretch of Mlt Is great," was the reply. We have mountains which they must cross before in northwestern  as much arable they reach here.	land as in the whole United Ma > Ths
1906: Canada::~supplying		with	pork. These	|,ark. Ult,n plvk up Hhode Island cure-
1906: “~Alberta promises to be one of the most populous parts of the new Canada.
1906: United States:Canada:~sleeping car from the Tehuantepec clear across P|H the  and this fur into .
1906: Canada::~part of . It is as mild as that of great dairy country, but the trouble »s	wanted to he neh. he should rid, a	<’•* s*'ven Si»,ere* which an reputed to	bn and cold water. The bath is in great	large purchases of IKh wen' said	to be
1906: Canada::~the winter. The coldest part of 	look upon that as a womans business.	cnCe looking hark, and the land fur	Mtofall.	The same may be Mid of the	*nooi.	V is as	popular an iustlluti ¦¦	|
1906: Canada::~rigged up on the ceiling and a windlass	is entirely reliable. 1 personally	visited	0,1 of Toronto, . Copies of their
1906: usa:Canada:~We are the largest and oldest company of the kind tinder the British flag, and have covered thonds of the best buildings throughout  making them	*
1906: Canada::~all forms of stomach trouble than that agents for Western  lands; all
1906: ¦~Ll tion will be made to the Parliament of Canada at the next aesaion thereof for an Act to incorporate a Company called “ The Grand Trunk Pacific fi Lines Company/ with power to construct and operate amongst other lines of railways. a line running from Ottawa to a junction with the Transcontinental Division of the Grand Trunk Pacific Hail way ; as well as such other lines of railway as the Company may from time to time deem expedient fur
1906: Canada::~Made in  by Canadians.
1906: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1906: Canada::~The Geological Survey of  which has been without a director for sevrral year* p»et, (the duties of the position having been performed during the interview by Dr. Del) ham at Ins’ been accorded an official head by the appointment of Mr. A. P. Low, the well-known explorer and ge 'legist. The appointment is regarded a» a good one
1906: htt been received here from Sr. Peters* touri» autresdroit» et pouvoirs privileges burg that a tew soecteeioo aw i* being necessaires ou requis |»our les dites tin# ; prepared, bjciutc the heir to the Kms an ej ,M,ur declarer que les dits travaux sont throco, tl e toy baby born t » the Czj»~ pmur lo bien general du Canada, and Cxinn», i* ('oil end dumb ami L>att* a Ottawa ce 24me jour de Mars, abnormally email brained. The nlovo ai e t. such a law is being framed and that ths
1906: Canada::~Ottawa, Ont., March 26.- (Special). -While all  knows that Dodds Kidney Dills are the standard remedy for all Kidney Complaints, it may surprise some |people to know they cure such extreme cases as stone in the Kidneys. Yet this is what they have dona right here in Ottawa.
1906: Canada::~Before buying write us, or see oirr agent near you, for prices. We ha via the largest stock of fruit trees to b# found In . We pay the freight Brown Brothers Company, Nurserymen. Limited, Brown’s Nerscries, Oot
1906: Canada::~We want a man in all small towns In , to show and sell farms and other properties to our customers, who we send ; good salary, good |>oaition. Honesty more necessary than experience. If you want a good position and are willing to learn the reaficatute business and work faithfulW for us, wo can offer you a fine position.
1906: Canada::~THE BUSY MAN'S MAGAZINE is unlike any other, its contents are a careful selection from the host that appeals in the leading publications of the world It is published by the proprietors of the Canadian Grocer, Hardware and Metal, Canadian Machinery, the Dry Goods Review and other successful papers-and who arc 's leading publishers.
1906: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1906: Canada::~Fifty-*###* OfBoei In th# Dominion of .
1906: Canada::~Correspondent* in every Banking town In , and throughout the world.
1906: The Green Lake Picnic May 24th.— A strenuous effort is being made to make the picnic this year more interesting for all who desire'to spend theday in the open One new feature will be an address on “~Western Canada by J. O. Turriff M. P. Mr. Tuiriff represents a Western constituency, and is familiar with every feature of that part of the Dominion, which is proving so attractive to many of our fellow citizens. Watch for posters, and further notices in this paper for full paiticular.
1906: Canada::~WANTED : by Chicago w holesale house special representative (man or woman) for each province In . Salary $20.00 and expenses paid weekly. Expense money advanced. Business successful ; position permanent. No investment required. Previous experience not essential to en-
1906: Canada::~Tho Government issues one class of but we want  pros|>erows i#d be- Ffln,*s y'""' unirv I a like to the ut-publications that is intended lo catch the ueve she will become more so as more most, and hisses vjci msly, his daks it American children as well as the grown-	|nnd	is brought	under cultivation.	,t)p	enemy seem misilireeled and a,r?'
1906: aoribing the material resources and the be more importations through the eus- h,>" ol,r‘> iLTil»~ Ivon groat possibilities of the new Canada, tom-houses, and, as roost of our revu-	Tè L	i?.
1906: Canada::~save that the money taken into 	0f a railroad, reaching back for ten	fnkPS lt lntn	h|q bond that	you ere
1906: CANADA::~AYU AT  COSTS UNCLE SAM IN WEN AND MONEY.
1906: Canada::~I have before me the report of the Minister of the Canadian Interior Department, giving some items from the Immigration agents as to Just how much money was brought In last year from certain United Stales points. The agent at Detroit says that he Issued cheap tickets to 2,000 Americans who went to  to settle, and that they took with them in actual cash and other effects about $1,100.000. C. J. Broughton, the Dominion agent at Chicago, say# that 1,140 emigrants started by him to£~< along ninety-one carloads of goods,, and that the settlers were mainly well-to-do. One man carried away $250.000, four had together 1225.000 and one had $5,000. Benjamin Davies, the Canadian agent at Great Falls, Mont., wrote that 1.687 settlers were sent by his agency to Canada and that they took with them goods and cash to the amount of $2,500,000. and in addition 3,f0> head of cattle. The agent at Soult Ste. Marie #»~va that he had sent 724 peonle with clever1'** toads of stock and $150.000 in cash, while the ryent at St. Paul states that the average Apierican farmer, go Ing to Canada, takes with him a carload of farm stock and implements and about $1.5oo in cash. One American who passed through St. Paul en route for Saskatchewan had $38.000 in his inside pocket The agent from Omaha sent 2,369 emigrant#, and they had with them about $3.000.000 worth of stock and goods. One family from Kansas City carried away $100.000, and Instances arc common where the Americans who arc setlllng in Canada arc bringing in $5.000 and upwards.
1906: Canada:Canada:~Those who go arc of nil ages. There are many young men and families with young children. Tho St. Paul agent says that one of the Minnesota Stale senators has nineteen sons, brothers and nephews now settling In western , and that the senator himself has bought land. Another agent states that one of the farmers to whom he Issued tickets was 76 years old. and that he went to  to make a home for his mother, aged 104.
1906: Canada::~I The government has received a despatch from Washington stating that the $l< >0,000 to be voted by the parliament of  (or the relief ot the San Francisco sufferers will not be accepted. The appropriation w,11 be put through, however, so that the money may be avaiable in case of other developments.
1906: Canada:Canada:~of  at its present Session, for an lenient du  a sa prosente session Act to incorporate a Railway Company, pour la passation d un acte incorporai under the name of ‘The < olml' Range yn compagnie de chemin de fer sous le
1906: Canada::~from the Town of H al ley bury in the District of Nipisslng, via the Townships of Bucke Colemanjand Lorrain in said District toapoint in said Township of Lorrain opposite Fort Temincaiuingue in the Comity or Pontiac, thence across the Ottawa River by railway steam ferry to Fort Temlecaraingue. thence to X We Marie in said County, and easterly and southerly either to a point on the propos ed line of the Interprovincial and .lames Bay lRailway, between Ville Marie and Kippewa. or to the present terminus of The Lake Tern I shaming Colonization Railway at or near Kippewa Station In said County, and to connect w ith the said Railways and with the Temiskaming and Northern Ontario Railway at or near the said town of Hailevbury ; to expropriate lands necessary for such railway ; to build, own and maintain railroad ferry steamboats, hotels, docks, elevators a warehouses In connection with such railway ; to equip own and maintain telegraph kml telephone lines in connection with such railway; to construct and operate electrical power for railway purposes ; to make traffic arrangements with railway steamboat or other companies, and to sell or lease the line so to be constructed, and to acquire the Charter and assets of The Temthkaming Navigation Company ; and for all other usual, necessary or incl dental rights powers and privileges in that behalf; and to have the works of the said Company declared to be for the general advantage of .
1906: louer ou vendre le dite ligne projeté* IA Mc Lean la hanging some extra Urge et dacheter et acquérir la charte et le# Photo» on the walls of hie studio in propriétés et l'actif de la compagnie de Bryson that will Interest any person Navigation Temiscamingue, et pour avoir who accept» his welcome to everyltody lours autres droits et pouvoirs privileges | wishing to visit his Studio necessaires ou requis pour lea dites fins ; Whether ou buslue»»~ or not, cell and ace et pour declarer que les dite travaux sont pour le bien general du Canada.
1906: Canada:United States:~came to  and went immediately to the , were included in the company’s list, and #5 each was collected from the Canadian government there are Orit Newspaper» In this country
1906: the Canadian Pacific. The mill has the Empress has been studying orders enough on hand to keep it running literature, and hopes to oa< It for a year. The demand for rail»~ In Francisco Caucasian heart by heaping Canada keeps all the mills working to the ooale of fire on the San Francisco Csuca-
1906: These goods were made especially for our trade by the Crescent Underwear Co.—~the most popular brand in Canada.
1906: c .,	.	.	—~ parution sol#l in Canada. It Olwa/S
1906: Canada::~R. PAR ONS. pi Wellesley Street. Teruale, .
1906: nmj tnmhlas ; ram >»•» Cria Ad.l fr<«~ the eyntem. gives Immediate relief. H-nt seller, but send lor a bottle at o.,ue U-h me Remedy Ce.. ITS Vunge Ht., Toronto. Canada. $..<W per bottle
1906: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1906: Canada::~Fifty-seven Ofllcti In the Dominion of .
1906: Canada::~that so-and-so. wh.tehenU.d a black egg, Oppo.it.on mmM.iued,	emigrated to , residing ti
1906: PEDLAR'S CORRUGATED IRON to made on a M.OOO 1»~. preaa JHto only one In Canada) one corrugation at a Line, and Is guaranteed true an
1906: cabinet hat at last eventuated. Uon A. B. Ay’~eiwortb, is now Minister of Jus* ticj* ; 1130. K ni lph Lemieux is Pvtt-niaster-gviteral, lion. Vharlt s 1* tiitpatrick late Minister of Justice, hss bevii elevated u, the chief justice hip of the Supreme Court of Canada.
1906: Canada::~The executive committee of the Trades and Labor Congress of  have issued a circular to all the atti.iüeJ
1906: direct cause of many eudden deaths. Experience had eh >«u that the use cf preparation* containing such drugs as Piopiutn, in i’s various forms, ludmi lu-mp, alcohol, chloroform and ether was apt to provoke a craving f< r theie dangerous drug»~. lu France, England and the l ulled States there laws in force to protect the pe >ple against harmful compounds. For instance, there were catarrh preparations on sVe in Canada coutuinii g cocaine whose sa'e in the United States would bo forbidden. There was also great abuse of remedies c »ntaiuicg alcohol. A few years ag > the doctors had great trouble in getting their fcl to take medic Qtl. difficulty was rather to keep the p .tient* frun them.
1906: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1906: Canada::~Fifty-seven Offices In the Dominion of .
1906: Canada::~Correspondents In ever) Hanking town In , and throughout the world.
1906: Canada::~Wo have to hand the handsome hanger of ibe Central  Exhibition, which take* place this year from Sept. 7 to 15.
1906: <»f the pesky insects in his garden this chiefly by accident, and a few slugging	_ _ - : —~	of Canada and sell at lowest pi Ices.
1906: Canada::~PERLABS CORRUGATED IRON is made on a M W# TV prett (Ihe only one in ) one corrugation at a Lme, snd is guaranieed true and straight to size.
1906: Canada::~In Western  •?£??
1906: Canada::~Central  Fair
1906: Canada::~What with changes from past years and inn valions the Central  Fair, at Ottawa, will be a new show in many respecte this ye.tr. And the new features are of such a character that altogether the Fair promises to be the most attractive Exhibition in America this Fa 1 This is a tig statement to make, buMhe arrangements announced justify it special attractions this year wi 1 include I The D *g Show wi 1 be bigger and the following i	better than ever, and altogether the
1906: We handle the best line of Harness man’f’~d in Canada, and sell at the lowest possible prices.
1906: Canada::~Central  Exhibition
1906: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1906: We are selling the old reliable Blue Ribbon and Red Cap — there is none better, none cheaper of equal length and quality and it’~s made in Canada,
1906: PEDLAR’S CORRUGATED IRON la made on a U ece I»~. prms (the only one In Canada) one corrugation at a Line, and is guaranteed true and straight to size.
1906: Canada::~I A II FI O ,n Western  g
1906: Canada:usa:~An important departure has been decided on by the directors of the Ventral  fair, and it is one that doubtless will please the thonds of little children in Ottawa. Monday and Friday have been named children's days and on Monday every child will be admitted free. The free admission means everything, grounds, grand stand and the performance in Howick hall.
1906: Canada::~Judging from what is said in Vancouver the Laurier law excluding Chinese from  is not approved of by everyone on the Pacific Coast. The Province says that where, previously to the imposition of the prohibitive tax, citizens employing Chin .men as domestic* had paid them $20 to $25 a month, they have now to pay them as high ns $55. Chinese laborers employed on the farms and ranches also dvrmnd considerably higher pay for their work. In fact only those farmers with considerable means were able to stand the extra drain, and, as a c ns quence, the work of clearing the timber and scrub off the land has been brought to a standstill. There is a ; log. pect at the moment that Fist Indians nmy be brought in to do the work the disllkt Mon g -il an	-i ' do very well
1906: Canada::~It you have not received a copy of our Catalogue, send us a post card immediately. Prices the lowest in  and quality guaranted the best.
1906: Canada::~The enquiry which is to be made into the grain Hide of  will be of a most comprehensive character. The order-in council Appointing the com-
1906: and deliberately levelled it at the breast	—~s	A comma. ee<.f. ews. repmening l rank- Canada expecting thie, for only today a
1906: Canada::~DALE BROS. Central  Exhibition
1906: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1906: Canada::~Fifty-seven Offices In the Dominion of .
1906: Canada::~Central  Fair this year will be one	'»« °» »	r“'“« »« *“	date,
1906: of the greatest holiday outings e,„~ Nothing will set.afy thru, now but the announced in Canada. The night show di.tnbuiton of all lands. They hare lent will this year take the form of the pte "*dy eeta to the egttetora, who ere «eolation of the comic opere, "The •••ruling about the e pr .emcee G.ugerbread Man" in the immense new l»'1* «"""non to heat parties of peasants
1906: Canada::~Future of Eastern .
1906: Canada::~ng in the country where they were born and by just gradua'ly extending their frontiers beyond the provi Quebec, were practically making the whole of Ksetera  French again.
1906: Canada::~At the Central  Fs r at Ottawa thi«yeer the poultry own end dairymen will have new aco >n»ni da ion. The splendid up-to-date Dairy building in course of erection let year has been compte! end will unduulte 11? give entire a$ti#faction to exhibitor# in ih *ie cl »*a a The Bull J-com’rue ed of cement block# Bi d va uab e addition to the structures of
1906: Canada::~the Cei tral  Fair. The p* u try-will bi furnished w th a e>miu«d ou*
1906: usa:Canada:~We are the largest and oldest ccompany of the Irind under the British flag, and have covered thonds of the beat buildings throughout , making thorn
1906: Canada::~In Western  gags*
1906: Mission Ointment â~ Chemical Co Toronto. Canada.
1906: Canada::~Climate the finest in . Cattle
1906: Canada::~Soli the richest in the Northwest Will grow, without irrigation, Winter Wheat, Data, Barley, Sugar Beets, Alfalfa, and almost anything grows in other parts of , lib Irrigation a crop never fails. If the beet Ontario farms could be Irrigated, they would double their present average yield, and could L>e cropped ten years longer without
1906: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1906: Canada::~H provide# the l#e*t facilities and most highly qualified teaching staff in . Graduates assisted to positions.
1906: Canada::~Fifty-seven Offices In the Dominion of .
1906: Canada::~Correspondent* In every Dunking town in , and throughout the world.
1906: Canada::~It will pay you to attend this, the largest, the oldest and the most influential business school in Eastern . Write for full information
1906: ( hineee. As a result of the invasion, Church, XX y man. After the ceremony indignation runs high, and the Govern- the young couple returned to the mont is being warmly censured for alk w- home of the bride's parents where a mg them to ooa«~e into Canada.	sumptuous repast was partaken of.
1906: usa:Canada:~We are the largest aud oldest ccompany of the kind under the British flag, and have covered thonds of the best buildings throughout , making thorn
1906: Canada::~These would cost you considerably more were we not 's largest import* ing genvdealers.
1906: Canada::~ness bo*r asked Rose.	Ushers. Every manufacturer in 	Smith's family T"	asked Jones.	“You
1906: Canada::~Returns issued at Uliawa indicate that the foreign trade of  continue* to increase, but the imports show a greater I thick store and dwelling, situated west gtvwth than the exporta. Thi. ha. h*en Vf Kutwcll llou>v. First vlaaa outhu 11,1
1906: Canada::~Our Fall Catalogue will be ready for distribution about October 1st. Send us a post card immediately. Prices the lowest in  and quality guar-
1906: Canada::~A complete range of imported and Canadian Goods from the best woollen houses in . A call solicited.
1906: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1906: Canada::~It provides the best facilities and most highly qualified teaching staff in . Graduates assisted to positions,
1906: Canada::~Fifty-seven Offices In the Dominion of .
1906: Canada::~Correspondents in every Banking town In , and throughout the world.
1906: Canada::~Our Fall Catalogue will be ready for distribution about October 1st. Send us post card immediately. Prices the lowest in  and quality guar-anted the best.
1906: In Men’s and Boys’, we carry the famous “ Penman ”~ goods, noted throughout Canada as the best all purchased before the big advance in woollens and marked at old prices.
1906: Canada::~At Shaw ville First and Third Tuesday	fmjj^ He ia in a serious coodi'ion. Mr.	friends throughout . The late
1906: Canada::~A complete range of imported and Canadian Goods from the best woollen houses in . A call solicited.
1906: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1906: Canada::~It provides the best facilities and most highly qualified teaching staff In . Graduates assisted to positions,
1906: Canada::~Fifty-seven Offices In the Dominion of .
1906: Canada::~Correspondents in every Banking town in , and throughout the world.
1906: Canada::~Dr. a. McRae, ness school in Eastern .
1906: Canada::~is used in the championship league m  and United Slates, little more than (lie cheap kinds but Is north Ml'<*11 MOItK.
1906: • Cough or Cold, no question about that, but—~ why go to all the trouble and inconvenience of looking him up, and then of ha ving his prescript ion filled, when you can step into any drug store in Canada and obtain
1906: Canada::~Mr. Fielding d d not seem to think a great deal would come from it immediately Probably little will come from it at any time. At any rate it dotre not promise any early complications. The whole or the vastly greater part of the goods imported into  will be entered undtr either the general column or the British preference. The preference has been change 1 in form rather than in •ffecr. It has been slightly increased on some articles and reduced on others, and while it will take tims to understand the full effect of the new situât on, it wou'd
1906: bates and o her far<tgn cuo fries t, total tf f ere-r* dangvroca y a*»J •! fhtly deahag .n bo»h c- mmt diius, but th^re ftnd Oallagher à~ 8 m d,d si active trade come to Canada; to ms.uf.cture their injured sin. unt, f„ several hu -dr^i. waa alao »om bweitsiiey on the part of |n g ir# Fameuse aed Snows. Prices fowJe bore, a, d M do their rip rt Irsds The pune.r# f d.y .ucc ed,*d in rr- ^Jiyere .0 t.ke up Urge »«^s on acrouat rsn fro„ $3 2& ,o $4 ,70 per bsrrrl ac <w.l with the Empire from Canadian w i\ m >v,rg the r< burnt from «h# vault, be- f the mib n^s of the westbr. Thes is ||itf ^	Cranberries were from
1906: Canada::~consignment from the  Carriage (Jo.—will compare with anything in the market as to quality and pripe. In
1906: John and George, Clarendon ; Jaruee who all hinds on boa^#. The cross corns e<l |	weather prophet in America, prail lumber ng ; and three sir era, Mrs. O. of twelve, all from Wiarton, and the	e	bliexsrU	to	cro«~#	Canada,	eouth,
1906: Canada::~to tie th:s wholly	mysterious guidance	of his life on a	prnirie	in		h n	|;f	flnd WIH giud to	drift	into	ttio	army
1906: Canada::~The Sovereign Rank of .
1906: It is understood that the Duchess of Connaught and Prince»~# Patricia will accompany the Duke to Canada, where
1907: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1907: Canada::~01 Branches in the Dominion of . |	80 Branche» In the Ottawa Valley.
1907: Canada::~Correspondents In every Banking town In -, and throughout the world.
1907: Canada::~of  will givo to her decision an importance that it never had before, and 1 do not beliovo that in tho long run the peop'e of this w unity wid be behind the other part* of the empire in promoting a rnlicy which mint tend to place the British Empire on a level with the other great associations of nations with which it will have to compete.
1907: called upon to give an ace >uut of their Cowan, that a genre si meeting vf the stewardship, and whe her it be good or Ratepayer# of this Municipality aha 1 be bad the people will be the judges, and hrld at the usual place of meeting of this woe to li e evil d era when vox populi o uncil, at the Orange Hall, at 10o'clock gives it dec a: n. Wh le we heartily en in the brenoon on the 14th day of do ae the tax on the alaiit-ryed celestial January, 1907, to take into c«>nddrration ai d hope it will never be removed, we by law N » S3 vf this council concernin, would ala * urge some wise legislation to 'he sane of I)-bentur«~ a to ti e amount <> b a#eti th* immigra ion of Hindoos* and of $25,000 00 f r the purp *j therein set cthtr undesirable classes from entering b-rth, and to apj rovo *r to disapprove of our province. Lat us h Id high the the said by-law and to decide if a poil cnotto 4 Canada fir Canad ana."	shall be held for this purpose, the whole
1907: Canada::~More, perhaps, than any other charity in  the
1907: Canada::~These beds are for those in any part of , without means, who are suffering from this terrible disease in the incipient stage.
1907: Canada::~some company	and	ho	lots	out	every-	<ls in general use in  and other
1907: CANADA::~THE  CYCLE AND MOTOR CO., Limited
1907: Can cure your Cough or Cokt no question about that, but—~ why go to all the trouble nnd Inconvenience of looking him up, and then of having his prescription filled, when you can Flop into any drug store m Canada and obtain a bottle of SHILOH 3 CURB for n quarter.
1907: Canada:usa:~upon the report of the late Robert on the said debenture loan and to of  at its SbawviU, uml- one ^ond nine hundred Surtees. Civil Engineer, that such provide likewise for the redemp- Branch.
1907: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1907: Canada::~61 Branches in the Dominion of . dû Branche» in the Ottawa Valley.
1907: Canada::~Correspondent* in every Banking town in , and throughout the world.
1907: Canada::~It provides the best facilities and most highly qualified teaching staff In . Graduates assisted to positions.
1907: Canada:United States:~This lias been the cry from the Atlantic to the Purifie and although every coni mine in  and the  ts shipping every pound of Coal they can produce, still die demand far exceeds the supply. Fortunes will be made during the next few years by investing in Coal Stocks at low prices.	_ m
1907: Canada::~ght hand pressing the ptie Macmillan Company of , face and die left hand Limited. Toronto.
1907: Canada::~Great-Trek Into  ;
1907: Orient or elsewhere, and set on the law	mated that it would meet his purpose. ^'ba,Iy *f™~ck him It was a grave tHJys leaving for Canada shall bring let- ,ll*}flg al a table one day between a
1907: Canada::~tingle, that of late the true empire of the States to go into North-West , of the veteran •	Terrorists, was made possible by the »| do not mean M lie said •that thev mf>nU without a sovereigns escort of
1907: Canada::~ment of  at it •> present session, for tin Act to Incorporate u railw ay company under the name of “ The Abltihi ami Hudson Bay Railway Company," with power to construct, equip, operate and
1907: A VIS est donné par le présent qu'une , demande sera adressé~e au parle-1 g ment du Canada, A sa présente session, ttin d'obtenir un acte c natituant en c rOne of the «ri.e.t provi.ion» of tk. portion une com^atnic ilo chemin da f. r
1907: Canada::~Mediti o Ha\ with its splendid (Ltoral rf , died at Guv.r.iment ,	— „	.	.	__,.
1907: Canada::~livst Shirt in , and off like a coat.
1907: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1907: Canada::~(,1 Branche* in the Dominion of . -¦* Branche# in the Ottawa Valley.
1907: Canada::~It provides the beat facilities and most highly qualified teaching staff in . Graduates assisted to position*.
1907: A Y IS est donné par le présent qu une demande svia adressé~e au parlement du Canada, à sa présente session,
1907: Canada::~Mother Graves' Worm Exterminator has the largest sale of any similar preparation sold In . It always gh-cp satisfaction by restoring health tu the little f .s.
1907: We have sole control of the W. G. & R. Shirt—~the best Shirt in Canada. Try them : something new ;
1907: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1907: Canada::~<11 Branches in the Dominion of  -0 Branches in the Ottawa Valley.
1907: Canada::~Correspondents in every Banking town in , and throughout tin* world.
1907: Canada::~It provides the best facilities and most highly qualified teaching start" in . Graduates assisted to positions,
1907: Canada::~by a Mrs. Prentice ; "How do you always them the most popular childhood medt- j most remarkable coincidence, both ele- manage to have such delicious beef f cine in . Any mother using pliant and mahout met again in Maul- Mrs. Blinthyre ;	“1 select a good.
1907: and ujhiii the proportion of hard wh in his crop depends, largely, the price m gets for it. In I lie grading «~I Duluih Dial was classed as No. I wheat which hud a majority of hard wheat in the sample ; that is to -say, when it was composed of 5! per cent, of hard wheat. In Canada the law read that No. 1 h»»‘ to consist of two-ttilr<ls of fuimi
1907: w i never I deist »~ a separate I i h Vatlmnent. Such a proposal went far 1 v> - nd anything tho late Mr. Glads*, ne intended. A system suitable for Canada 1 Australia,’ L rd Rose Vert y aided, would be different in a c< n lguous i«-lm l, which in its public declarations, prided itself on its disloyalty.”
1907: Germany::~and . During the latter pait of this wtiik a great many land eeekers will arrive from Ontario. The rush from t' e United State»~ is just commence g. and it is estimated that the number of Americans coming in will be fu'ly double that of last year, when 07,000 Irjttlei* arrived in Western Canada, from points in the W» stern States.
1907: Canada::~I have just purchased from the  Carriage
1907: Canada::~I yours in this hour of amlt tlon. Signed i preme c# urt bench, mi re#ponding lo a on lie half of Shawville Ixxige No. 4(1. toast lo , when he proceeded to
1907: Canada::~we learnt with deep regret of the death  la*t year is estima of your son. and the following resolution million's of dollars, was unanimously carried	_	,
1907: Canada::~an able commander In .
1907: Canada::~It wse true that there were difference* between Hie gnat American atrcann nml the gnraleU African river: It wax that the lionlmrn of the Nile w.re of , and that the
1907: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of  J
1907: Canada::~01 Branches in the Dominion of .
1907: Canada::~Correspondents In every Banking town In , and throughout the world.
1907: Canada::~It provides the best facilities and most highly qualified teaching staff in . Graduates assisted to positions.
1907: Canada::~Thc weekly press of  will the farmer who had several heavy of different classes of horses and fared extremely for a long time be hit pretty severely by the new horses required at least one driver why some mint» arc objectionable, past.
1907: United States:Canada:~It is estimated that throughout the world a t'ont lMMHUMmi electrical horsepower ir. generated to-day fixmi waterfalls and streams. More thiui one-quar-U*i of this great horse-power is generated in the , with  second and Switzerland third.
1907: France:Canada:~Nobles ol New , Vs  Will Called. Were a Very Restricted
1907: The Baron de l ongueil was mulled by Or •men. a pleasure lung Louis IN . of Eunice on January rev<.ntly engaged in carrying dynamite 170'», and eoiiferivd upon Charles Le UIU , hurle red. and neither pains M«~ \ ne. a citizen of Canada, which at tta n*mey was spared in equipping her as
1907: France:Canada:~The nobles of New , ns  was known in olden times, w> re a very l'est rioted body. There seems to have he n only two marquise tee. namely, that of Ik Subie, granted in HIM, in conjunction with certain lands at Time Rivers, and the Morquisale de Miscou, cunfermt upon a certain Michel de St. Merlin, together with the island of Mis-in thv Gulf of SI. Lawrence. Hut
1907: Canada::~The remainder of the.seigneurstr of  was com;
1907: Canada::~mcnt of  was closed by His hi- ^ Lot No. n% Ranee 4 of the Town I cellency Esrl Urey on Saturday after	of Bristol, situated about half way I
1907: ?T1iô~ Merchants Bank of Canada.;
1907: Canada::~Correspondents In every Banking town In , and throughout the world, inis Bank gives prompt and thorough attention to ill] business entrusted to It. âv Interest paid at 3 per cent on savings and credited to account* four times yearly in February, May, August and November.
1907: Canada::~It provides the best facilities and most highly qualified teaching staff in . Graduates assisted to positions,
1907: CANADA::~Wai	9 TORONTO JUNCTION. .
1907: Canada::~speech is an inevitable one, and such ^>unt of the uniform snowfall covering compound words as business-man an lhe wheat from fall until spring. Many no monopoly of German. Again, col- people^ especially in "*larn .
1907: Canada:United States:~1 One of the few Liuuer organs which approvts of the recent postil change po'ii.a out that Canada has for years been carrying United States mail matter for nothing with great loss to the revenues of the country. Considering that the Canadian consumer is now being called upon to pay the extra postage, and that it goea into the United States treasury, and all that  gets is a tax of fifty cents a year upon all Canadian# in the  who desire to keep in touch with their native land by means of a local newspaper, the financial benefit of the new arrangement appears difficult to appreciate.— Montreal Gazette.
1907: Canada::~The Prof, is the best known sgricultu-rist in , and a pleasing speaker.
1907: (By Mrs. Elizabeth S. MacLeod, author of “~Carols of Canada.’*)
1907: Canada::~Great , thou fair, free land!
1907: Canada::~3 Let traitors scheme, or boasters brag, To  prove true.
1907: Canada::~dorsation of these Pills by the public	medicine from the doctor, but it did me	Through	 once	more.
1907: Canada::~Let traitors scheme, or boasters hrng To  prove true.
1907: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1907: Canada::~01 Branche* in the Dominion of  ÎÎU Branche* In the Ottawa Valley,
1907: Canada::~Correspondents in every Banking town In , and throughout the world.
1907: Canada::~It provides the best facilities and most highly qualified teaching staff in . Graduates assisted to positions,
1907: Canada::~Central  Fair
1907: Canada::~Stunted oak In our glen;	and at the	and n1P |^ya] rtank of , all < 11 old, and In all cases Hie milk should be	performance	of	their duties,
1907: Canada::~enjoys public confidence Is seen in the (|u Size with the cost and lu lor.	 7	.	..	73.211 60 Relance due from other Banks
1907: Canada::~fact that its deposits amount to the The SOW can never reach the point as Balance due to Agencies In	In  ..y
1907: Canada::~Call and Abort Loans on Stocks and Bonds In . 1.559.472 04
1907: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co. tyutual Life fss. Co.
1907: Canada::~greater I tory legislation for , and Municinaiitv of On»h#r public generally. As it was t lie j energy-" more earnest tempera nee the course that should be pursued , ,
1907: Canada::~grounds, deployed through the , The majority of jieople in , Tin main gate, xx it h banners Hying, in dee I a mi Mr. fop*ey, were a Wo- whi folioxving on 1er :	| lutely ignorant or the deadly |of)
1907: Canada::~[TheMerchaatsBaak'of .11 °pe" £Summ£
1907: Canada::~M Branche* in the Dominion of  10 Branches In the Ottawa Valley.
1907: Canada::~It provides the best facilities and most highly qualified teaching stair in  lions,
1907: Canada::~The dieease known as blackleg in cattle, although entirely unknown in many exit i igi	il section* < f  train number are the two absolute ea-
1907: Canada::~The library Buresu of  son trolled by the firm.
1907: You don’t , 'ho importance «~ f Canada get’ing a move
1907: Canada::~Germans and .
1907: the event *u the harienn* of her people within her own hound-young Indian girl» to rich chief» anw. and emigration hod warned He of the region The Vancouver showed no he.dation in affirming hi» Province »~yi that one little girl ol , belief in Canada a future greatne*». nine was «old at auction for «1.400, and nothin* inteiywtcd him more and that another girl of eighteen *han the extent of the contribution In
1907: Canada::~menkuration, is the quarter section-one institution of the kind in America The	 or In Australia. , •
1907: The school* and colleges are by no beautiful Toronto in *’~ Canada forever/' trine children of hi# own. — Fl onde Portage du Fort. 8 George’s Church i uao* an lucident in the march of affairs.	Waltsi Rvwell. HmssCWsm,
1907: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. Montreal- Fire Ins. Co. Mutual Life ^ss. Co.
1907: Illü DdMJl Ulldwa. î~'Tlie Merchants Bank of Canada J
1907: Canada::~r, 01 I tranches in the Dominion of .
1907: Canada::~Correspondents in every Hanking town in , and throughout the* world.
1907: Canada::~t at the (Vnttal  Eil i bit ion	this yen
1907: hi le i»~ much list the inhabitant# rushed Mood committed a journeyman sugar 80 long ns Canada remains even nom-t ut of ti e r house»~, t .inking that an baker to Jail for leaving his employ- inally a colony, but Canada's self-eart.npiake had I .&p;,t n, d	| meut in a dispute alout wages
1907: Canada::~justly proud of  and of their * Lm. m ff	i political status as Canadians rather
1907: Canada::~the ventilating shafts have recently which is and shall be for Canadian*, lx-vn built in tiie New York subway for ; Until recently 's growth pro-the use of passengers ns a means of eoeded at a very moderate pace, and escape in case of a Are or blockade there are to-day fewer people in the without the necessity of groping their entire Dominion than there were in
1907: United States:Canada:~the  a hundred years Mr.-Givens explains this by saying thaSthe young man of  “as soon as he is old enough p roper-,	ly to observe promptly shakes the
1907: usa:Canada:~We are the largest and oldest ccompany of the kind under the British flag, and have covered thonds of the best buildings throughout , making them
1907: Canada::~Ailed, when vou can step into any drug store in  and obtain a bottle of SHILOH’S CUIUS
1907: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ini. Co. Mont real- Fire Ins. Co. Mutual Life ^ss. Co.
1907: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1907: Canada::~61 Branches in the Dominion of . 20 Branches In the Ottawa Valleyr
1907: Canada::~Correspondents In every Banking town in , and throughout the world.
1907: Canada::~finds positions for all its graduates. That its system is the most up-to-date. That its equipment Is the newest and finest in . That its premises cannot be
1907: Canada::~Labor Congress of	,	which on	Legislative A-a mbly, has recommended |	1 oUce- T6<>^ met ,n Jamestown re-	escaped to the Islands off the coast
1907: •~o can Canada. For the past five years | be available, when the increased subsidy 1	?a^>”* company's train at Mile-	but none ao large and perfect aa Ne
1907: Canada::~Mr. and Mrs. Rudyard Kipling are at preast.tlravtl.ing in  on a pUature trip.
1907: usa:Canada:~We are the largest and oldest ("company of the kind under the British flag, and have covered thonds of the best buildings throughout , making them
1907: Can cure your Cough or Cold, no question about that, but—~ why go to all the trouble and inconvenience of looking him up, and then of having his prescript ion filled, when you can step Into any drag store in Canada and obtain
1907: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. gontreal- Fire Ins. Co. Mutual Life ^ss. Co.
1907: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1907: Canada::~01 Branches in the Dominion of .
1907: Correspondent»~ in every Banking town in Canada, and throughout the world.
1907: Canada::~find* positions for nil its graduates. That its system Is the most up to date. That It* equipment is the newest and finest in . That its premises cannot be excelled.
1907: Sir. Wilfrid Laurier has received n cable from the French Government, •~tatirg that the ttsde treaty with Canada will be presented to the French Parliament on November iîSili, the day on which the Canadian Parliament meets.
1907: This society was started in Chicago in 1883. and now has over 1000 Chapters in •~he 1 nited States and 350 in Canada, with numerous others in Great Britain,
1907: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. Montreal- Fire Ins. Co. Mutual Life Rss. Co.
1907: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1907: Canada::~01 Branches in the Dominion of .
1907: Canada::~finds positions for all its graduates. That its system is the most up-to date. That its equipment is the newest and finest in . That its premises cannot be idled.
1907: usa:Canada:~We ere the largest and oldest ccompany of the kind under the British flag, and have covered thonds of the best buildings throughout , making them
1907: Can euro your Cough or CoM, no question about that, but—~ why go to all the trouble and inconvenience of looking him up, and then of having his prescript ion filled, when you can step into any '-r 'C store in Canada and obtain
1907: Canada::~With the usual pump and ceremonial the Parliament uf  was opened by
1907: Canada::~1 ' r tt	1 Province of Qmdwc, , the Maid
1907: Canada::~The Place. Not Africa or Pagan India, but Christian .
1907: Canada::~It has no endowment, except in the kind hearts and the generous gifts of the people of .
1907: Canada::~in .
1907: Canada::~gland, and	not thinking of leaving you; but my	sis-	regular Y. XL C.	A/a	in .	The
1907: Canada::~tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co. Mutual Life \ss. Co.
1908: Canada::~01 Branches in the Dominion of  20 Branches in the Ottawa Valley.
1908: Canada::~Correspondents in every Dunking town in , and throughout the world.
1908: Canada::~WANTED: Agents in every city for I att a w a 's Humorous Weekly. Liberal | V 1 1 M eomisslon.
1908: Canada::~Its equipment is the newest and finest in . That its premises cannot be excelled.
1908: Canada::~ut ward from  ; and tin» I of the best kn-wn hosiehie, in the is just what was to have been expected Ottawa valley ha, changed hand# and Still the situation may not he without its Mr. Archibald J. Campbell give# up the good. It should teach the d:pl mate managerial re in after having be«n in of the Laurier Government that when control of the h< use for aluirst a quitter they go to make a treaty the tune to hi d ,f a century. The hotel has been leased out what they are doing is while they by Mr. Goli L dge, forme’y !e,see of the are do ng it. Mon'real Gazete.	| Commercial h tel at Pnkenham, and he
1908: Canada::~Then a third party came on the scene. Adorn Cartiers, 58, a well-dressed man in n grey suit, who was now in the cloek charged with defrauding Mr. Yarrow. Cartier ovcrlieard them talking ul>ont) , and joined In with the remark,.' “My brother tins just died in America* and left me £~40,000, and it was stipu-) la ted in tlie will that I should give $1 -ON) to the |xor-$l,(NM) to each M'iurtorj of the globe." Campbell said, 1 If )oif have so much money that you want to give it away, give me some for my sis-In, wlw. belongs to ft charitable institution in Canada, and will give it to tho* working people there wtio are poor.
1908: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co. tyutual Life Co.
1908: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of . :
1908: Canada::~01 Branches in the Dominion of  ÜU Branches In the Ottawa Valley.
1908: Canada::~Cinada, Sweden and Finland are left, and their supply is hopelessly deficient for the world. It  were to a'
1908: Canada::~Various estimates of  s forest land have been yiven.
1908: Canada::~A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific journal. Terme for , SLÎ3 a year, postage prepaid, Sold by
1908: Canada::~Nearly 10,000 people from every part of  aided in this good work lust year, sending us $20,000.
1908: A PPLICATION will Iw made U> the •~tiL to the Parliament of Canada at it# next ssnsiott for the pawing of an Act declaring the Pontiac Central Railway to Iw a work for the general advantage of Canada, and to authorise tie Pontiac Central Railway to extend its line to Jame* Bay along t* e valley 1 f the Nottsway River, and also to extend in a southerly direction to a point at or near the T->wn of Brock ville.
1908: o' the Merchants’~ Bank of Canada just	* mtn; cursing, some weeping, xuranee Company." Flopson—“How?’
1908: Canada::~Itime when the management of our banks V ! "r^ He with grinding poverty everywhere when they become known.	. It always angrily. Whereupon the unmoved law- off that hr rnd veil." Her!ha “IndeedI
1908: have bec*n strengthening the positions of ' 1 auPrem®~ Htor t to earn their daily n ^ in general use In Canada and ** J? .SttrL	rstoring healtii. yr quirtly nvk<‘d him:—"Have you Why?' Harold—“It was like a piece of
1908: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co. Mutual Life ^ss. Co.
1908: ïtæ-ï~u- : ssas Fhe Merchants Bank of Canada.!
1908: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. Njontreal- Fire Ins. Co. tyutual Life ^ss. Co.
1908: Canada::~Nearly 10,000 people from every part of  aided in this good work last year, sending us $ JO. 000.
1908: Canada::~Ont. .
1908: MR. E. W. BURCH, the recently appointed GENERAL AGENT for the 0 W. R„ at 428 TRADERS RANK BUILDING, TORONTO, will give every inf rinalion in n gard to facilita»~ for PASSENGERS and FREIGH1 from aud to CANADA.
1908: Canada::~phydeisms, trained nurse* end attendant*, the Increasing patronage from  and I'rovilK ei le vers appreciative * atl«»n of oar work.
1908: Canada::~Ottawa. March 1 - H r. Albert 0 ' Killam, chairman if ths Railway O mission of , d?*d this XX e *f er a:i it'nets of a weak.
1908: Canada::~on Thu:*Jay and despite medical etf rrs f,n$ erly pres sent if the CVnt.al  he gradual y sank tt.l the end cam» at Exhibition, d.ed at his heu c on Stn day,
1908: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ini. Co. gootreal- Fire In*. Ce. gutual Life \n. Co.
1908: Canada::~There ta a Story of a pig In , who warn left behind when the drove
1908: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1908: Canada::~Our seeds are from the most reliable dealers i  and
1908: Canada::~One of the largest and most pro gres*ive schools in .
1908: Canada::~London Mutual Firs In*. Ce. Montreal- Fire In*. Co.
1908: Canada::~Mormon* for 	haunches It would cover an area of dustless there would be no twilight
1908: Canada::~is n tonic, and per children to .
1908: Canada::~Every home In  should have one or more genuine Oriental nup>. They are t-eautiful In the softness and harnemy of their fadeless " È rs« ^ In point of economy are cheaper than any of the low-priced domestic products. Those Oriental Hugs are imported by u* direct from the great rug producing centres of Turkey, Asia Minor and Persia. The i*b a used lo prevail Unit Oriental * Hugs were costly, and that ordinary people could not afford them. That Is only true of the large sized rugs. \\ hie we arc the largest Importers of large rugs and oriental goo.i* in th.s country, we do an enormous business In the small sized rugs, which we con sell at heretofore unheard of prices. Especially In the Ana o' ans ninny rare bits of ant que coloring are found, though account of the r size we can sell them for as little ns 12 each.
1908: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1908: Canada::~Send money to any part of  by our
1908: One oi the largest and most pro gressive school»~ in Canada.
1908: Canada::~endon, when his eldest daughter, a very unsafe condition, and re-1 PePr?r Beaulieu of Clarendon, who I . That it* premise* Isabel was united in matrimony quiring immediate repairs, which “ad been in delicate health for a excelled.
1908: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co. Mutual Life \»s. Co.
1908: rather tlim>y poles slim,Id break or if driven doperait»~ through hunger, Canada mile a fier mile of country hi* th< lion could spring the twelve feet I sorted himself at I ho ago of M. Swill U^on sW t ovv|. L,v su (l (jn»t and
1908: The most important sources < f the world’~s supply of arsenic are the silver n.iiKS of Saxony, the tin and pyrilos ri.uu.-s of England, and Use mlspickel il pyrites) mines of Spain and of Ontario, Canada. The
1908: À~Ir. J, E. Canon, 218 W Clarent Av*., Toronto, Canaula, Inspector London LiJ6 Insurance Co., London, Canada, * cri tco ;	%
1908: bring me through, but they did and I Among other mining beneficiaries arc have ever since enjoyed good health. | Ikrlwrl Riilcn, who in 1888 resided at Though I run seventy.nine years old Croydon; the children of Mary A. R. peuple are always remarking on how Clny; the children of Henry Coe, bru=dv young I took—~nnd I feel young. I can maker, who Is said to have emigrated do n fuir day's work, and 1 am better It. Canada many years ago; Hannah in every way than 1 had been for years. Pel gate, who married George Dyke "n | omnot say too much in praise of Dr. 1817; Thomas Keen, who left for Cape Williams* Pink Pills and I take every Colony in 1809; John F. N. Murray, last r.pportunity I can lo recommend tliçni | heard of in 1879 In New South Wales;
1908: CANADA::~Prevent Disorder.-At the first symp-|HIfi TRAIN DE LUXE OF .
1908: The “~International Limited,'* the premier train of Canada, is indorsed by everybody who has ever had the experience of riding on it. It leaves Montreal ot 9.00 a m. every day in tbe year, arriving at Toronto at 4.30 p m., Hamilton 5.30 p.m., London 7.18 p.m.. De-
1908: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1908: Canada::~One of the largest and most pro* gressive schools in .
1908: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co. tyutual Life ^ss. Co.
1908: Canada::~Judge McMahon, at Osgoode Dr. Jam. A Hndgins, of Vtiion Hall, Toronto, on Saturday last City, Pa., accompanied by his son awarded heavy damages in the arrived here Monday on a visit to action of the widow of the late | his mother, Mrs. Jas. Hod gins. John J. Cotie, (formerly of Shaw- Miss Lotit in Hodgins arrived ville) against the  Tunien-1 Saturday night from New York on tine Comjwmy of Barry's Bay. her annual visit toiler parents. By the judgment the eotiRmny Mr. an<l Mrs. Edward Hodgins.
1908: Canada::~loans In  of SYTOO.OOO for the month—not an unusual condition for this tini* of the year. Mexican Power
1908: Canada::~throughout  and Umj United gu}ar health. Sold by oil medicine hla "Breviary of Health," speaking Slates.	dealers or by mail at 50 cents a box cl cramp, says: “The Kynge's Majestic
1908: You are a farmer, you cultivate the soil, you grow fruit, vegetables, wheal, cat*; you raise cattle, snoop; you are inter»~s ed in hersrs. in shirt, y*.u are mss ter of all you survey. Ferme re aie the most pn^vorous da** of people in Canada today, Uwmrfore, yol are getting r ch. No? Bad crops? Drc light? Oh, a toek in your costa department. Economy beg na at hemg plant a Rkycls on the farm and nag) * Larvtsl of saved time, money, and oho# koihor.
1908: Quebec, June 20.—~From all parti of Canada and the United States applications are coming in for hotel accommodation from July 20th to July 31st, for the Tercentenary festivities, which will aff >rd one of the grandest spectacles ever teen in America. The Tented <Vy has aroused great Intelcs'.
1908: Canada::~of , < ktawa.	with a walking stick in his band and	Poplar and	Basswood delivered	at	station
1908: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1908: Canada::~One o/ the largest and most pro* grcssive schools In .
1908: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. C* Montreal- Fire Ins. Co. Mutual Life ^ss. Co.
1908: The messenger of death whose visit had long been expected, summoned hence Thursday one of the oldest residents „~f Arnprior in the person of Mrs. Hugh Young, who had reached the patriarchal sge of 89 years and four months. De ceased, whoso mm idea name was Eliza-heth Htott, was born in Brechen, Fortsr shire, Scotland, end emigrated to Canada when quite young After locating in a number of places, she and her ho band finally settled in Armprior and here she
1908: usa:Canada:~They have done this for thonds of women throughout , "h> not for you Î
1908: Canada::~and Library Boards will do 11 to consult Library Bureau of  before ordering Book Stacks, furniture. (’barging Systems, Card Catalogs. We are the recognized authority on Library Equipment and Supplies.
1908: “~ Canada • Oldest and Greatest Nurseries.
1908: Canada::~of  raged on Saturday and _	her babes, but it was too late to enter
1908: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1908: Canada::~Founded 12 year* ago, the WILLIS Business College of Ottawa has made a record which clearly Indicates its splendid worth. For several years how it has been one oi the largest and most progressive Commercial Schools In  and keeps growing from year to year.
1908: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co. Mutual Life ^ss. Co.
1908: Canada::~While no one would have the hardihood to advocate compulsory grading of cream in , the butter industry would be benefited if more of our creameries adopted
1908: Canada::~XVhiie the imports of  for the tiret four mouth# of the present fiscal yesr have fallen off considerably over one-third it is satisfactory to note that the exports have only decreased about V per cent., but as the government secures its revenue from the imports, the dutiable portion of which has declined 'nearly f>0 De Wolf Hopper at the Ottawa per cent, the revenue from that source	Exhibition,
1908: Canada::~Motor Sport, in  published by W. the judiciary, and, it is «aid, will take hi.	„ Tvhelr namee the Justice of the peace."
1908: in its September issue. Entern, Central I pointed to the vabancy caused by the , officer* and found himself pro- j ptlx" and obeyed the summon»~. He end Weaetrn Canada contributes duck resignation of his successor.	™ed with a comfortable pension. j was obliged to wait three hours In an
1908: Canada::~11  i Oldest and Greatest Nurseries."
1908: Canada::~E.1TO CREAM SEPARATOR Company of . limited,
1908: Founded 12 years ago, the WILLÎ~S Business College of Ottawa has made a record which clearly Indicates its (Splendid worth. For several years now it has been one 01 the largest and moat progressive Commercial Schools in Canada and keeps growing from year to year.
1908: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co. Mutual Life ^ss. Co.
1908: Canada::~It Is poor consolation to needy con- Province of Quebec, rumptives to say that the Government Municipality of Clarendon, should make provision for tho thons- Publie Notice is hereby given by the anils who suffer and die from tuber- undersigned Sec.-Treasurer of the Muni-eul.mis in  evi-ry year	• inalily of Clarendon that the Coll. Roll
1908: Canada::~of straw or similar material in tho bob would In* the fate of many consumptives in  were it not for the two Homes for Consumptives in Muskoka
1908: “~ Canada • Oldest and Greatest Nurseries.’’
1908: Canada::~A story of a scientist's trouble was told the other day by Professor Milne, the earthquake expert. When in , at the meeting of the British Association, he was invited to give a lecture one evening.
1908: Canada::~Hon. Thomas Grtenwny, a firmer Liberal premier of Manitoba, and resent-ly appointed to the railway commission of  by the Laurier Government, died at his rooms at the Windsor House on Friday morning last from acute as thma. The late sta’tsman was 70 years of eg* and an Englishman by birth.
1908: Canada::~;The Merchants Bank of .!
1908: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co. Mutual Life ^ss. Co.
1908: Canada::~These | Over 1,800 square miles of wood land are stripped yearly l>a|>er mills of the United while a million cords are imported annually from .
1908: Canada::~and Motor Sport. in ,” published . Qne m|	'of choice clay loam
1908: Canada::~j many good things dealing with ry phase of sport in , to be ound between the covers of a number surpassing iu both quantity and quility the best yet given by this leading Van
1908: Canada::~at Perk field School, Liverpool, Fug. my Inability to grasp tho real meaning He subatipiently entered Gonv lie and of such a paper at a glance. Like Cauis College, Cambridge, Kng , and many other persons not engaged in tho uiaduated B. A , with honors, in 1883, legal profession, 1 sometimes have M and took h s M A., three years later. read_contracts and other agreements Coining to  he waa ordained drawn up by lawyers, and 1 often won-by Bishop Baldwin, of Huron, to the der why In this age of common sense «iiac nite in 1885. and to the prient- the ‘whereases/ ‘a forces Ids’ and ‘par-hood in 18841 His fir*t eha ge was, liea 0f the first part’ are not relegated the parish of Durham, Ont. In 1888 to ob|lvtOIL The technical verbiage lie accep ed the curacy of Nt. Pauls employed is a relic of the age when Church, \\oodstock. snd on the rcs.g- lhnt wblch was mysterious and could
1909: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .! THE SCH00L T"AT
1909: Canada::~niokt progressive Commercial School# in  and keep# growing from year to year.
1909: Jim Hong, a rather good natured Celestial, who has plied a successful laundry business here for the past three years, left on New Year’~s day en route for China. By the loot of things Jim is going to the land of his nativity to get some one to share his good fortune in Canada.
1909: usa:Canada:~The Dominion Government has c< ntn hu ei one hundred thond dollars to the relief of the Italian earthquake Mufferera. It is expected that the contri butions in  and the l ni ted S'ates for this object will amount to several millions of dollars.
1909: Canada::~i ON, Sec.-Treasurer National Sani-t triurn Association, 347 King Street West, Toronto, .
1909: “~ Canada's Oldest and Greatest Nurseries."
1909: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. C\ tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Com. of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1909: Canada::~me 1M Ol Uttawa. The Merchants Bank of .
1909: Founded 12 years «~ago, the WILLIS Business College of Ottawa ha* made a record which clearly Indicates Its splendid worth. For several years now It lilts been one oi the largest and most progressive Conxtuercinl .Schools In Canada and keeps growing from year to year.
1909: Canada::~XVc have placed a large order with the most reliable Seed House in  ami expect stock in early. Our customers can deiieiid on getting best goods at lowest prices.
1909: Canada::~was surprised, too, to rca- drawings drew them together. The e 1 that if ho moved loosened for Alaskan shoreline. It will eventu- resources by the time the pigs have lize that he was but a boy. Bad sketches had to be thought out and instant his hold on himself, his a recover for  all the reached the age of a month or so, thought him five-and-twenty at considered. On smooth days were feelings would be too much for him. trade wltb tb^. "^rth that was lost and unless the youngsters’ ration first; now imagined him to In* not workod at with pencil on paper.	/T ,	^ x	Seattle, a live city whatever its are supplemented from some other
1909: Canada::~Chamberlain manager of the  Atlantic railway, has been appointed aucctssor to Mr. Morse, aa manager of the tirand Trunk Railway.
1909: Canada::~Varied in its contents, but redolent throughout of the many delights of the Canadian Winter, the February number of 11 Rod and Gun and Motor Sports in ,” published by W, J. Taylor,
1909: Canada::~Woodstock, Ont., breeziness attached to this p season of the year. The record enowshoe tramp, an Indian tale of a moose race on the ice, the story ot a win-tor in Northern Ontario and an article on snow blindness, by Martin Hunter, an ex Hudson Bay Factor, show how many sided are the beauties of the Canadian winter and how thoroughly the inhabitants of the Dominion appreciate and enjoy them. A fine illustrated account of the Qualification C.imb of Mr. Hermit, in connection with the last meeting of the Alpine Club of , ia 'tributed by Mr. D. B. Taylor, who been touting the West as représentative of the magazine since that ev»ot.
1909: Canada::~population of . The num- Stirling, and to a former clerk, now
1909: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. N|ontreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire ins. Co. Com. of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1909: Canada::~A timely bulletin entitled Husbandry in  ” f _
1909: THE GENERAL ANIMALS’~ INSUR A RANGE COMPANY OF CANADA Live Stock Insurance In all its branches. L. Mulligan, V. S.. Shawville,
1909: Canada::~Ottawa, ** 's Indian Concert Basso j affection, was released from The bereaved widow and family and Reader," to give a musical andl iter-1 his sutteringB on Thursday even- who survive, have the deepest
1909: Canada::~ol .
1909: Canada::~Tho Twenty-seventh Annual Meeting of the Shareholders of the Federal Lifo Assurance Company of  wuh held ut tho Company's Home Office in Hamilton, Tuesday, 16th February, 1909, at 2 p in., Mr. David Dexter ia the chair, Mr. W. If. Davie, Acting Secretary.
1909: Canada:Canada:~Fish and Game Protection work throughout  forme a prominent topic in the March issue t f Rod and Gun ,aud Motor Sports in , published by VV. J. Taylor, Woodstock, O it. 1 i addition to a sketch of the meetings of the North America Fish and Game protective Association, the otg tniz it one of three provinces also receive attention while in Ontario it likewise comes in fo •peoial treatment. Although so much space is given lu this important work of aiding the conservation ’~of Canada s natural resources, sportsmen will not be disappointed in the usual fare provided . for them. The Hon. Chai. Scott tells f iu graphic language of a successful mo>se | hunt in New Brunsw ick, while the Fm-1 est Hunt of the Wolf River Hunt Club I is one no sportsman will read unmoved. An incident of the Wolf hunt n >w in | progress in Northern Ontario should not be overlooked, while Dr. Horiindsy’s Ideals of Sportsmanship will recommend themselves to all. These ideals will be cherished, aimed at and worked up to and cannot fa 1 to have a marked effect | on the future of sport throughout the Northern poitivn of the continent. A description of British Columbia's new | game preserve, with many other articles, I including a particularly good one on Fur Trading With Indiana in the Far North, departments replete with information and a special account of the Hamilton trap shooting tournament, make up a number appealing to every lover of the great out-doors and one full of vivid in terest to them all.
1909: Canada::~Now, in 1864 the population of  was much less than it is to-day, yet the volume covers 305 pages, and one counts over eighty contributors. ADVOCATES» BARRISTERS» AC*» I Moreover, in making his selections.
1909: usa:Canada:~It is poor consolation to needy consumptives to say that the Government should make provision for the thonds who suffer and die from tuberculosis in  every year.
1909: Canada:usa:~As the situation is to-day, what would be the fate of many consumptives in  were it not for the two Homes for Consumptives in Muskoka that during the past eleven years, against, many odds, have cared for upwards of three thond patients in j the earlier stages of the disease, whilst in the two sister institutions, on the banks of the Humber, those in the more advanced stages are treated.
1909: Canada::~Students of history will recall this as the year the Parliament Buildings were burned down by an angry Montreal mob, who pelted Lord Elgin, then Governor-General, with stones. Taylor eye-witnesses of these and oth-stirrnng events which marked the introduction of constitutional government in .	,
1909: Canada::~all over f'&naia to wurk for ui during their spare hours seliiug our high grade Perfume*, Toilet Requisites. Teas Coffees, etc. No experience necessary. Work pleasant and re mu ne rati re. The Hume Specialties Co., Dep t. W, 'iiabuf Avenue, Toronto, .
1909: Canada::~Mrs. Fred. fcabcau,  After a time they were brought to ?Vai.n tlM unc 811(1 out <>f 1 lf hU(ka ^'ad'
1909: Canada::~TORONTO, ,
1909: Canada::~reputation and guarantee of the pioneer Seed firm in  behind all our goods.
1909: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. Montreal- Fire Ins. Co. Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co.
1909: Canada::~Dom. of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1909: Canada::~fit Bit II onawa. few Merchants Bank of , j T™s
1909: Canada::~and military training in the public With a viexx to xn ituling up hu>invss at Ladysmith, lam iu-t imxv echoo'a of , Lard Stratheona I giving Intending cash mivvlmsvrs tin; benefit of has made the genercu. donation of vmbnivmg vvvry every line of poods in the «tore.
1909: Canada::~cninery, etc. etc, of Mr. Jamas McLean with in Eastern  that \\ in ni-	As in the western mining camps, a	and ready	for cropping,	and	15	acres in
1909: Office and residence-Over J. tt. Shaw’~s I Hitherto Canada has been chiefly store, Shawville.	<	| praised as the land of youth and
1909: usa::_ thond responsibilities of some great commercial undertaking “old-young man" — an ever-present feature in the street scenery of the huge American cities — is seldom if ever conspicuous in the life of the ¦~ Canadian towns and countryside. In his place, Canada has the young-old man, of whom Frechette's pioneer who hud given 50 years of his labor
1909: Canada::~. But why is it that, in , the Clerk of the District Magistrates Court. advance is so much more rapid than,
1909: Canada::~The Eastern States provide u perti- | away and seek my fortune nent case, where luxury-breeding OFFICE : 101 Sparks St., Ottawa. | wealth docs not make for greater longevity. On the whole, we cannot find any adequate explanation of 's good fortune	respect. None the
1909: A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest «~areu l ation of any edentate journal. Terms inr Canada. 13.75 a year, postage prepaid. Bold hr
1909: Canada::~true, death always stops the individ-	old, brought to  by his partial'* effort ; his organised “interior-	ents, who settled in Saskatchewan.
1909: Canada::~Rhodes' scholarship. The young man intends, after his term at Oxford, to return to  with the hope of
1909: ¦~ |	for Canada, in charge .of Alfred Owen,
1909: Canada::~He has brought 20,010 children over, I Empress of Ireland, which left Liver-apart from this party, and only two pool for  recently, was a con-frtalities have taken place. One died signment of partridges, which were of dysentery in 1855 and one fell down being sent out to the game warden
1909: In Fields Far Off.—Dr. Thomas* Eclectric Oil is known in Australia, Merchant—“~Yes ; we are in need South and Central America as weit of a porter. Where were you cm- as in Canada and the United ployed last ?"	Applicant—“In a States, and its consumption inhank, sir.	Merchant—“Did you creases each year. It has made its
1909: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. N|ontreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Com. of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1909: Canada::~Tue Bank of Ottawa ! i The Merchants Bank of .
1909: CANADA::~1 RANCE COMPANY OF . Live Stock Insurance in all Its branches. L. Mulligan, V. S.. Shaw ville,
1909: Canada::~business College of Ottawa has made a record which clearly indicates its splendid worth. For several years now it has been one of the largest and most progressive Commercial Schools in  and keeps growing from
1909: Canada::~tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co.
1909: Canada::~_	Dorn, of  Guarantee and
1909: Canada::~Cleaned, Washed and Repaired by Oriental ITvceee. We are the only epeci aMets In .
1909: Canada::~(Late treasurer Presbyterian Church in )
1909: Canada::~The final figures of 's trade for the last fiscal year, issued by the customs department, show total imports amounting t«> $298', 123,792, a decrease of $«’*(),-249,793 as compared with the preceding
1909: c.-Treasurer National Sani-Xssociation, 347 King Street •~Vvbt, Toronto, Canada.
1909: It is poor consolation to needy enn-f.iuipiives to say that tiv» Government sii«»~u:d make provision for tho thousands who suffer and die from tuber-cuioiid in Canada every year.
1909: As the situation is to-day, wlmfc 1 be tho fate of many con»~unip-in Canada were it not for the two Homes for Consumptives in Muskoka that during the past eleven years, -gainst, many odds, have cared for upwards of three thousand patients in earlier stages of the disease, v.h;l-fc in the two sister institutions, on the hanks of the Huml>cr, those in the more advanced stages are treated.
1909: issue of the Home Journal, Toronto, gives abundant evidence of the changes promised for the new volume. 66 Dear Delightful Dulwich,” by Catherine Hale, is breezy and inspiring. “ Around the Hearth ” is a new department by Jennie Allan Moore. “~ Domestic Science in Western Canada," by Lilian K. Bey non, is interestingly reminiscent, while the article “ Our Breakfast Beverage," by M. Gaskeil Knechtel, gives interesting information about coffee production and use. The prizes for the photo contest are announced this issue and afford an interesting exhibition of amateur photographic art. The Home Journal announces for June an increase in size and a four-colored cover with a four-page insert in tints. It will }>e a “Quinquennial Number,” illustrating the forthcoming International Congress of Women to be Jield at Toronto. A full-page
1909: Canada::~The Baixk of Ottawa fThe Merchants Bank of .
1909: Canada::~Payable at par at any Chartered Bank in  (Yukon excepted).
1909: Canada::~Founded 12 years ago, the WILLIS Business College of Ottawa has made a record which clearly indicates its splendid worth. For several years now it has been one or the largest and most progressive Commercial Schools in  and keeps growing from year to year.
1909: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. Montreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dorn, of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1909: ton-'" This Cch‘~ee"utic many of our ;1 The history of land defence sup-retail stores lack and they certainly plied by the inhabitants of Canada could find no more fitting model than dateg back to 1627, when the people
1909: Canada:Canada:~withdrawn from  in 1855 and wag th; s;im voted last year, and Unlike the mode of scraping off the jn order not to leave  without	jg the sum asked this session,
1909: Canada::~Apart from Old Quebec no other city in  contains so many reminders of military things as doe# Kingston.
1909: Canada::~of  of 18 year* < f ag arid up-	In chsc they do he doesn t want them
1909: Canada::~crick of Strasburg, the fourth con- instance, Prumier, a youth of	jjj | described a com- . We want reliable agents all over  contains many doses
1909: Judge Chauveau.	M down by a truck on the C. ] . R L e kindly aglfthem t0 „	^ wh ch we Ç~ommg to Canada when quits young
1909: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1909: Canada::~which clearly indicates its For several years now it has been one of the largest and most progressive Commercial Schools in  and keeps growing from year to year.
1909: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dorn, of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1909: Canada::~women of  to-day is why Dodd’s Kidney Pills always cure them.
1909: Canada::~Mrs. Fraser came to  a few years shorthand signs, the priest, in early those who come settle down for a later thau McNab. When she passed	^hen the village	thickly	time. It ia an «A#*#
1909: Canada::~Rev. W. E. A. Lewis, rector of Mt. Clemens, Mich., was bom and bred in Wellington County, Ontario, and while loyal to the country of hia adoption will not let the land of hifl birth be maligned. Righting some gross misstatements regarding  while at the summer camp of a number of youthful Yankees last year, his quick wit and the laugh which followed extricated him from what bade fair to be a heated argument.
1909: Canada::~"If you have such a high opinion of  why did you leave theref-questioned one lad hotly.	##
1909: CANADA::~CENTRAL  FAIR.
1909: Canada::~vant in  to-day, deserves well	^ ^gp^ci&lly country life on the	an<i after an a email one too, of the	_	.. .
1909: Canada::~and in Western  there are ^ere ftna there throughout the ^sited wafi Lloydminster where, wrote tables and fruit trees and shrubs camp, is experiencing a new era of smaller experimental farms and ex-	fcook scattered among the results of	j)r pitcher, "a large meeting was	were carefully packed and forwarded	development with	rich results in sil-
1909: Canada::~work for the people on the land who,	^ the development of  keeps	^ that their success was impossible,	by team across country to Peace River
1909: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1909: Canada::~Payable at par at any Chartered Bank in  (Yukon excepted).
1909: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. NJontreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dorn, of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1909: have to try three/’	„~	eighth chapter of Exodus, for a cor- marks a kilometre.	the City of Toronto, Canada, and
1909: Canada::~r I us w hat you require. We will cheerfully give all information regard-single I ing our lines, and ship to any address in .
1909: Canada::~When Lord Dundonald left Ottawa it was given out that he was holding his property at Rock 1 iffe and that later, when his private and public affairs had been settled in Scotland, he would return to Ottawa to live. It w;ts generally understood that Lord Dundonald had a soft spot in his heart for  — particularly fur Ottawa.
1909: Canada::~The Department of the Interior has recently issued n map of that part of  lying west of the Great Lakes, showing the positions of grain elevators and flour and oatmeal mills, together with tables showing their individual and collective capacity. In the tin ta, and
1909: Canada::~' of Western  78,010,140 bushels. Mani-
1909: The Cen’~i'dl Canada Exhibition A*s ciition has been f«r.unate in stearin» as one of its best attractions f r tie* year’s b;g fair—September lUth to 18 h the Naisr Airship, whose daily flights wi 1 provide a spec1 ne'e never Wuie witnessed in thr put <f the cum ry Theic is no subject receiv c refill scientific nt eu ion at t nt time than that of a.ri
1909: Canada::~A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific Journal. Term* for , *1.75 a year, postage prepaid. Bold by all newsdealers.
1909: CANADA::~CENTRAL  FAIR
1909: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa |The Merchants Bank of . 1 Winrfnw filnçç
1909: Canada::~tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co.
1909: Canada::~J	Com. of  Guarantee and
1909: Canada::~Our factory is the largest and best equipped in  and every conve-
1909: Canada::~The daintiest hats you ever saw, the very latest styles, and at prices which cannot be lied anywhere in .
1909: Canada::~B >x A, 71 Adelaide Ht., S. Toronto, .
1909: Canada::~tinuous streak of steel to ocean, making the third transcontinental highway in .
1909: CANADA::~CENTRAL  FAIR
1909: Canada::~A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest 61 r-eolation of any sclent ifle Journal. T , $3.75 a year, postage prepaid,
1909: Canada::~|The Merchants Bank of .!
1909: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co. Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dorn, of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1909: Canada:Canada:~give him so much of Number Twelve: tion. It would be a worse evil in  \ iO0k at bottle Number Twelve, and than it is in any country where it is it is all empty. I therefore take half allowed to take poiseseion of the ruling j a dose of Number Seven and half a powers. It can be believed that the dose of Number Five, and I mix good sense of the people and of Farlia- them. What you think happen then? ment will serve to check any proposal Why, corbleu, that fellow he is die to go in the matter of naval expenditure And the captain shook his head in I go along than we do. Eating Is an In-beyond what is reasonably called for by mournful distrust of medicine chests | nocent pleasure, and they eat oftener ’s position as part of the Empire | *nd their bottles and a larger share in its sea trade. The country has had a military force for a long term of years. The creation of a
1909: Canada::~With pride and pleasure.	He found it	qulred to stand on a table	and howl	 the sea would be as	much in	,,	,	for
1909: usa:Canada:~Thonds of men throughout  are suffering to-day from a deplorable failure of strength without knowing that they are the victims of nervous exhaustion.
1909: thinking of taking a course this »~d<lre*m lor Ulnl sample. Canada SUrereloU» On.,
1909: Canada::~SI Erf a 8t. Btratfont, Ontario, . Tun cents. Arthur Btoe, Granby. Oui»
1909: Canada::~certainly can select values, as they are the best factured in .
1909: Canada::~;The Merchants Bank of .
1909: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co.
1909: Canada::~Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dorn, of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1909: Canada::~Taxicabs in large centres of po- invested in it will be a working dol-pulation have since their first in- jar Its earning capacity has been tieduction to the public, paid large proven and after six months of dividends to their shareholders. To- successful operation, it can run to, the fiist city in  to beginning January 1st, 1910, a diinstall a taxicab service, will prove vidcnd of 10 per cent, per annum, no exception to this rule, for ever or per cent, quarterly, siiithe announcement was made the equipment doubled or trebled
1909: Father Morriscy’~s remedies are now on sale throughout Eastern Canada so that you can get “No. 10“ when you need it. But it is even better to keep a bottle in the house, ready for instant use the minute you or your children show signs of a cold of any kind.
1909: usa:Canada:~CUMULATED by Tuberculosis that would bring hope ^ the success of a and joy and gladness to thonds of vearago the National homes and communities in all parts of Sanitarium Associa- .
1909: Canada::~Moved by Councillor W. R. G rant'sec- The price of th 1 v i	v i nee in ,
1909: Canada::Î~ Canada ! In God go forth!
1909: Canada::~As died our fathers, we would die For 's dear cause,
1909: Canada:Canada:~ !  ! In God go forth.
1909: Canada:Canada:~ ! ! In God go forth !
1909: Canada:Canada:~ !  ! In God go forth !
1909: The late Chief Justice Armour was “~Canadians need not go far afield in accustomed to utter so many grim a search for a good family journal while comments from the bench that re we have such a publication as marks of his have become proverbial Home Journal. I know that the Ladies with members of the legal profession Home Journal has a wide circulation in No one could spot a perjurer bette: Canada. It is a fine production, though than he, and, though it is infra dig t > me, tiresome in i's bulk, and in many for the bench to accuse a witness oi (>f -(s futures. The Home Journal cov-breaking his oath unless the fact is ers ,.uite as many topics in less space. It obvious to every one in court, he ire- . keeuer less prosy and very well writ-
1909: Canada::~s portable man, and abused him sc women journalists in all , a badly that he contracted a serious man whose writings have been appréciât disease and became an invalid for ed in the New York press, time and
1909: ally nskr,I for. blandly ignoring *„>•	T	t keè" tvome danger6 and Captain Wil aged T„~.	.	j State, and Canada, a man 5 feet <ortam neighborhood at the foot of
1909: Canada::~Our Furs come direct from the biggest furriers in  and bear the stamp of honest goods.
1909: Canada::~sllie Merchants Bank of .?
1909: Canada::~Payable at par at any Chartered Bank in  (Yukon excepted).
1909: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American fire Ins. Co. aSRu.2 "nm- "f  Cnarantee and
1909: and interesting aid towards bring- day of the sudden death of his undergone several operations,—~ ing the capital of Canada before mother, Mrs. Win. Fraser, who one on the Friday previous—and it public notice, that has yet been I passed away at Arnprior, at the appears the combined effect of issued. The authors are to be com- advanced age of 90 years. The de- these was too great a shock to her plimented on producing a work of ceased was one of Bristol’s oldest system.
1909: Canada::~The most important feature t f last week's session was the adoption of the hill authorizing the ratihcition of the treaty between  and the French republic. The bill carried on the second reading by a vote of 107 to
1909: usa:Canada:~CTIMULATBD by Tuberculosis that would bring hope the success of a and joy and gladness to thonds of yearago the National homes and communities in all parts of Sanitarium Associa- .
1909: Canada::~sands of women in  to-day, who Thereupon he resumed his dreamy, by whom the same will be settled, have haish, faded and lusterlesi hair, contemplative attitude, and the man |	“	Cth	S Mh d”y °f N°T‘
1909: Canada::~A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific journal. Terms for .$3.75a year,postage prepaid, 00id by
1909: Canada:usa:~corner of , thond* will r,a*f that some Directors, owing to	Z*
1909: Canada::~warmer twice.	marvellous effect of the first box | The Traders Bank of  was
1909: girls over the ’~phone. That tele- bene^^AcvumUs Co^ef Canada, LW ,%8 YwSy phone is for business purposes rtt* Tomato.
1909: Canada::~Do you trap or bar Puts? I am 's largest dealer, 1 pay highest price* Your shipments solicited.
1909: Holland:United States:~a year, while in England it is only f .03 pounds. Next to England comes Canada, with 4 pounds there is a remarkable gap, as , the next country on the list, only accounts for 1.4 pounds head annually. The  record is only 1.3 pounds. ’~ smallest consumers of tea in the civilized world are Germany and France.
1910: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada::~in  or abroad.
1910: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co, tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Com. of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1910: Canada:usa:~The peat resources of  will be developed along systematic lines under the 7e of officials of the Dominion Government gas producing plant, to test the value of peat, has been established in Ottawa. In Gloucester and Cumberland townships, 8 miles from Ottawa, are 5,000 acres of peat bog, and thonds of acres are known to exist close to rail-
1910: Canada::~people, has developed her unim- I latest pattern.	Uns and Midlands in ." The marry my daughtert Why, sir, you A- minute aftrrwnrd it ogam
1910: Canada::~The Position of .
1910: Canada:: for the delectation of American renders must naturally have the effect of exciting the cupidity of Americans—this is only natural time has come When they need our raw material—this has become an absolute necessity. Especially is this true with regard to our pulp wood. Whut more natural than that American newspaper publishers should do everything in their power to become possessed, by any means possible, of the treasures of the Canadian forests? And to do this the way must be prepared—~the opinion of the people must be moulded. 1 may be wrong, but this looks to me like the beginning of stirring times. What the American papers undertake they generally accomplish, and it seems to me that Canada is now the plum upon which they are to concentrate all their attention. How Canada will come out of it remains to be seen.
1910: Canada::~A national institution that accepts imtients from all parts of . Hero is one of hundreds of letters being received dally
1910: Canada::~}Ve have the three leading makers of  :
1910: Canada::~Enghmd, have claimed public atlen- saved was 144,000. Neither Jexreel 817 King 8t.	W., Toronto, .	p10 campus to be leased to the coition. The remnant of "the New and nor the Boll made it dear where the	[ff®* on » nominal charge, and two
1910: Canada::~er* of  will be found inter- draw the part out of shape.	—	sneak I"	rJ. u u . ^ .
1910: Canada::~in . This Committee came	- ther try the strongest constitutions,
1910: Canada::~tained in  is therefore most'6 î-ie rule> eve,V one suffering at jg always seeking gratituous ad
1910: Canada::~desirable, and in many cases, absolutely essential, and the Premium Payers want the Insurance Act to provide the means whereby the right of private contract outside of j , now an inalienable right
1910: Canada::~of inspection and adjustment of losses within  not interfer-
1910: Canada::~(Urliereby unlicensed insurance pinie* would be permitted to ^T*|Dlicit business in , to advertise or open offices in * I suppose you find that a baby the country, but they strongly pro- brightens up the house t" maid a tc^t against any legislation which bachelor to a friend who had rang-will restrict their right of contract, ed himself among the Benedicks, bv imposing penalties on the indi- “Yes," was the semi-sad reply, "we viduals who will perform in Can- burn twice the gas we used to!" ada, the acts incident to that con- "I want to ask you a question, tract, as for example, the inspec- Pa," said Tommy. "Ask your motion of a link or adjustment of a ther," answered the tired father. l°ss-	* "Well, but it isn’t a silly question
1910: Canada::~In anticipation of 1910 being one of the best years  has yet seen, we promise our people that we will endeavor to keep up with the times and keep our store in the front rank.
1910: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada::~in  or abroad.
1910: Canada::~The comet was discovered on t hat date by Prof. Be rake, Johannesburg observatory, and was first seen in  at Winnipeg.
1910: Canada::~HELP' PROTECT! Montreal- Fire Ins. Co.
1910: Canada::~Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dorn, of  Guarantee and
1910: Canada::~It is now stated that the next Govern or General of  will be Earl Car rington.
1910: Canada:Japan:~The Japanese are becoming a new source of trouble to the people of British Columbia. Formerly the influx of the little brown men was regarded as a menace to the white labor class along thejcoast ; now they are likely to become rivals of the agriculturists and fruit growers of the Pacific province, by a widespread acquisition of farm lands out there. The fact is viewed with much alarm, and has been made the subject of a resolution in the B. C. Legislature, the result of which will be a call on the Federal Parliament to pass direct legislation prohibiting the purchase or holding of lands in  by ese or I Chinese
1910: Canada::~Write to Advertising Department, ; tence in prison has written a book The Traders Bank of , To- j —probably to demonstrate the
1910: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa f^e Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada::~in  or abroad.
1910: Canada::~HELP PROTECT] NJontreal- Fire Ins. Co,
1910: Canada::~And other Game during Close I Dom. of  Guarantee and
1910: in any good drug store and easily and to spare provided the means ] , » butas she had bought the use- ^ rurlon* fmoFtiy nntx>ld> fart* *bnni mixed together in a large bottle, were at hand to transnort them to ,ePF °mtment, too, she paid just as Human Nature ? Rrnd Dr Foote** The genuine Virgin ()i, of Bine mené of .c:i„~n. Canada has much .,.in for the LencAt derived	"ZZ
1910: middle life the hra,#Ji and happiness of every woman depends upon her blood, its richness and its regularity. If her blood supply is irregular she suffers from headaches, backaches, kid* aches, and other unspeakable distress which only women knew. Sense women have grown to expect this suffering at regular intervals and to bear it in hopeless silence would escape much of this misery il they took a box or two of Dr. Williams’~ Pink Pills to help them over each critical period Pills actually make new blaod. They hein a woman just when nature makes the greatest demand upon her bleod supply. They have done this for thousands of women throughout Canada, why not for you Î
1910: usa:Canada:~There are thonds of mothers throughout  who have hesitation in saying that the good Incise is essential to good health, health enjoyed by their little ones Go to bed early and bleep with is entirely due to the judicious use the windows open, of Baby’s Own Tablets. And there	Never sleep in a damp bed.
1910: Amor 1er»~ Canada-
1910: Canada::~a high wooded cliff.	I <*.. Toronto, .
1910: Canada::~for the Care of 's Needy Consumptives ?
1910: Canada::~A national Institution that accepts patients from all parta of , livre is one of hundreds of letters
1910: Mr. Foupore, our late representative, «©~aboard will belong to Canada when is very active in advocating the immense Die Georgian Bay Canal is completed
1910: Canada::~advantage to , as a whole, the thus insuring our preeminence in transpor’I ¦¦ ¦ V ¦	# mm M
1910: Canada::~Contributions may 1*0 wnfc to W. .1. Ungo, I>q.,S4 Sp.ulina Avc., or J. 8. Uoh.'i ismi, oec'y-Trcss. National Sanitarium Association, 317 King St. W., Toronto, .
1910: 'fs\ ,ntl* Î 1 arhament. He is also, gjr Louis Davies—~recall some of his perhaps, the best known in Canada, political experiences the other evenhaving a year or so ago traveled lng jIl Ottawa. The occasion—unique 1 rough to the I acihc coast. Born 0f iUs kind—was an oyster supper U‘~till1 VVhitby m 18<0, he was educated at de red in the House of Commons res-loronto Lmversity, entered law and taurant by the representatives of served as an officer m the militia. Prince Edward Island to their fellow Going to England, unknown, he en- members, with whom were associated tered politics and by his splendid tal- the members of the Press Gallery, ent as a speaker soon attracted no- The feast was an eye-opener to all •Ie*.	*le a’aa tdectrd in York. present who had never appreciated
1910: Canada::~ocean or the gulf of Mexico.	I continental divide and pass into tribu- ran against Lord Balcarrcs in Chor-  has made her own. Over-
1910: Tha Twefltÿ-é'fgTfnï AnnTt'aî^ë~etIng of the Shareholder* of the Federal Ufa Assurance Company of Canada whh held at the Company's Head Office, in Mam* llton, on Tuesday, 15th February, 1310, at 2 p m., Mr. David Dexter In tho chair, Mr. XV. If. Davis. Acting Secretary.
1910: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada::~in  or abroad.
1910: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Com. of  Guarantee and
1910: Ottawa, Eardley, Shawville, Rad- fr«“~ Liverpool for Canada	,	,	,
1910: Canada::~Father Morriscy s remedies arc now on sale throughout Eastern  so that you can get "No. 10” when you need it. But it is even better to keep a bottle in the house,
1910: Canada::~into  of thirteen articles or —
1910: Canada::was none too plentiful, and the pros- , The recent death in Montreal of perity of —on which the George K. Lanigan recalls to the Canadian Pacific Railway must ever ory of those who knew him a lovable depend—was the subject of many and clever man, and also reminds one doubts. Many of the brightest youn:? of that very enduring piece of occa-men left the Dominion year by year sional verse, “~The Ahkoond of Swat." to settle in the States, and men free- For the late Mr. Lanigan was a cousin ly said that Canada must before long of the brilliant and irresponsible Irish-beg for annexation by the Union. Canadian journalist, who one night in The West was almost undeveloped. New York wrote a series of whimsi-I Winnipeg was emerging from its life cal verses on the death of an abscure as a Hudson Bay fort, and Vancou- Eastern potentate, and awoke next ver was an outpost of civilization cut morning to hear a whole nation quot-I off from the world save by the sea. ing him.
1910: Canada::~Amprlor, .	j Western Real Estate Exchange. Limited,
1910: Canada::~the oldest brand of Mixed Pa infs in , guaranteed for purity, known for quality, and unchallenged in all house painting to-day. Drop us a card and aek for our booklet “W,” the handsomest booklet on house painting ever issued. It is free. You should have it.
1910: Canada::~MAIL ORDER SUPPLY CO., Toronto, , Dept. 8
1910: Canada::~We carry all the Leading Makes -----------in ------------
1910: Bayne’~s Carriages, with self-oiling axle. Canada Carriage Company’s Goods. Brantford Buggies and Expresses.
1910: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada::~are my specialties. This is I  * Premier School of . Imiso.n, Artist. Business, Shorthand, Tel-
1910: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dorn, of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1910: Canada::~of the largest wholesale drug firms in the world, the National I>nig and Chemical Company of , Limited, that each one has been compounded by expert chemists only.
1910: Canada::~We are prepared to furnish to any physician or druggist in , on request, a full list of the ingredients in any NA-DRU-CO •rtide. Ask these
1910: Canada::~You can get any NA-DRU-CO preparation anywhere in , lor if your druggist should not have it in stock lie can get it within two day# from our
1910: Canada::~National Drug and Chemical Company of , Limited
1910: Canada::~I or we. Oettrtl Aeoa*tic Co., of  Ltd
1910: Bayne’~s Carriages, with self-oiling axle, j (Roughs Canada Carriage Company’s Goods.
1910: Canada::~Never since the organization of the Canadian Association for the Prevention of Tuberculosis has there been such ac-j tivity displayed in  in for life. Older branch associations have
1910: Canada::~in . This is to say, converted roadway to proper width of 40 feet a* membered as “Old Ironsides’1 in Amer-	_
1910: Catholic schools of Ontario. He has tfrfAllrtflA lltllisU Sii held classical and modern language. SÇKIIEIllÇ •~illudiCflll# masterships in sAeral of the leading a hendsomeiy illustrated weekly, bppa*. high schools of Canada and has been	y-
1910: Gentlemen,—~I wish to rxprers my appreciation of the 38 h.p. Daimler which you have delivered to me. Before shipping the ear to Canada I made a three weeks’ trial of it, covering some 1,200 miles. The ear ran perfectly, and 1 never had the slightest trouble of any kind, and I think it quite lives up to the many claims you make for it. The silence, smooth of running, and power of acceleration on hills is really remarkable.
1910: Canada::~(Signed) C. A. BOONE, of Toronto, .
1910: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. Montreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dorn, of  Guarantee and
1910: Canada::~Fi>r full particulars, rates, booklets, schedule of sailings, etc., apply I. *\ny steamship agent, or write to II. C" HOUR LIER, Gen. Aveat Canadian Northern Steamships, Limited, Toronto, ,
1910: Bayne’~s Carriages, with self-oiling axle. Canada Carriage Company’s Goods. Brantford Buggies and Expresses.
1910: valuable plate», ft Tfffc% ©~ollection of costly ornaments for churches in Lower Canada and £10,000 in specie in box«~*, each box containing one thousand sovereigns. ' A large portion of this money belonged to the Government, and muon of it was intended to be used in paying tins troops in Canada. Some of tin gold was for the Canadian banks.
1910: The crew of the Ob) borne consisted of seventeen men, and besiden the crew there were thirty-eight passengers. Among the pseeenpere were a number of British «flftoer»~ going out to join the forces in Canada, and .their wiveti and children -Cspt. Jas.
1910: Canada::~The Uprising against the Govern- been discovered to which we may at-ment that had broken out in 1837 tribute some of the vagaries of a com-flared up again in the following year, and Sir John, as oommander-in-chief of the forces in , was the man
1910: ci'ingly toward the party sprang Dtided ‘Vr young children gne mo- litter. All kittens have blue eyes they say: “Ain’t it a shame!”~	- Arnarlor* Canada.	'
1910: clivers points.—~some for the Canada, being a nation of far- married Mary J. Woods in 188,$, and Uttawa river, and others for the mors, has to pay a very large seed together they came to the Gatineau and lakes and streams northward, hill each year,. Last year our made fur themselves a comfortable home.
1910: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa ! Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada::~HELP PROTECT, tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co,
1910: Canada::~Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dorn, of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1910: Bayne’~s Carriages, with self-oiling axle. Canada Carriage Company’s Goods. Brantford Buggies and Expresses.
1910: Canada::~Lady Charles Fitzmaurice, who is well remembered in , was Lady Violet Elliot, youngest daughter of Lord Minto. Her marriage, which took place in India, was a very grand affair. Her husband, Lord Charles Fitzmaurice, is a son of Lord Lane.	low no, and has also resided in the
1910: Canada::~farm employment, shall have, in addition to being ticketed, $25 in cash and a proportionate amount for each member of their families. The object of this regulation, the department explains, is to keep people from coming | It Can Never bo Perfect With-to  and becoming a charge cn the
1910: Canada::~sands of women in  today, who	by compression	from a falling block
1910: Canada::~Mr Wright was educated at Upper and time and again figured in the  College (head bov 1904) and I eastern trips of the western crews.
1910: A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Large* «~Areu J at ion of any scientific Journal. Ten* nr Canada. 13.75 a year, postage prepaid. Ml W
1910: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. Montreal- Fire Ins. Co. Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dorn, of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1910: Canada::~fact there were two storms, and	___ ranks among the best of  s Stock all new and up-to-date. Amount
1910: Canada::~attention that  afforded
1910: Bayne’~s Carriages, with self-oiling axle. Canada Carriage Company’s Goods. Brantford Buggies and Expresses.
1910: Canada::~prominent positions in political proies- the rest of the day was too hot - not I hi  the dandruff germs must irnront aiÿ the T ? N T £fli timial, or m the mercantile world.	merely warm—to go anywhere. 1 left	S°* 1 he war of extermination has been	by the Ontario Government	#
1910: 1	1 ' here, there some tisliin' and some huntin’~ "Not yet. You know how slow those Canada. To the south lies Toronto,	FOR SALE.	ti
1910: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada::~HELP PROTECT! I^ontreal- Fire Ins. Co,
1910: Canada::~Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Com. of  Guarantee and
1910: Canada::~National Dm# and Chemical Ce. of , Limited. .	•
1910: • sudden and precipitate flight. I we may not be able to return till w , nnisefe**1v thrmurh th« I Btro.n*ly represented in the region ; hoot oy Bay Street “Boltod!" .mid Charles when he t-morrow-if then; and may I Rrcat gates with their «~tone lions	the mighty Amazon and HAMILTON. CANADA ,
1910: Bayne’~s Carriages, with self-oiling axle. Canada Carriage Company’s Goods. Brantford Buggies and Expresses.
1910: England:Canada:~in  and , then gave it up for a bad job. Last April I was in Parry Sound working in the car department of the C. N. O. R. R and Booth’s Kidney Pills advertised in a leading paper left in one of the coaches. I tried them and the very first box I took lessened the pain in I Situated within three miles of Camp-back and I continued the r use bells Bay being S. W.half of Lot 26, W.
1910: CANADA::~CENTRAL  FAIR
1910: Canada::~..	..  • •	• •	•_¦
1910: Scotia had its birth in a blacksmith’~s simp, but its father wanted greater quarters for the child. Its progress has been always upwards, until to-day it is being wooed by financiers all over Canada. Maybe the upper Canadian suitors may be successful in winning its affections.
1910: Canada::~"Sir Ernest Shack le ton/has chosen  as a place- for his future home. Ho yearns to tramp all over the snowy wilderness and discover its mineral resources."
1910: present, the one thing we are sure of, prletors. whose abeep furnished the Uge for sick people, but there la. In Clove Syrup.—Pour one pint of p.<nch j -	‘~	.	l., tools in Canada,
1910: Canada::~and things, "but It s an entirely differ- well beaten yolks of three eggs, a connection with the  Ma ent Burner if.	after shea married,	she	,	tablespoonful of melted butter, and	chinery Corporation consolidation
1910: Canada::~fulfil the long cherished ambition of mar-y them unless they give us the coming to . My health at vete that time was normal, though I was never very strong weeks before the time of my departure I was overcome with a feeling of general weakness and faintness which rendered me so inert and life-lev» that my davs were shrouded in
1910: Canada::~(Incorporated under Dominion of  Letters Patent)
1910: Canada::~, Interest payable 1st February and August, at Royal Bank of , Montreal, Toronto, Galt, Ont., and Halifax, N.8.
1910: Canada::~Vice-Pres and Gen. Mgr.  Bolt end - Nut Co., Ltd.	— - s
1910: Canada::~Vice-Pres.  Bolt and Nut Co., Ltd.
1910: Canada::~Some pretty good fishing stunts  during the past four have been performed lately by months lias been the largest in tilt local anglers, in the neighboring, history of the country. From streams and also in the river i Croat Britain,35,000 ; from Europe, where the ubiuuitous saw log holds j 10.9U0 : from the Cubed States sway. From the latter a few even- 000. Total, 02,OCX).
1910: Canada::~n " g	i	 on the steamer Montrose
1910: Canada::~The Ha-iw of Ottawa Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada::~""ELP PROTECT) ftfontreal- Fire Ins. Co,
1910: Canada::~And otherGame during Close | Dorn, of  Guarantee and
1910: CANADA::~I They did not fight or scramble, but She had a low table covered with bent quietly and took what sweets1 HAMILTON,  a seed pearl embroidered cloth set in front of her, and she sat enthroned like a gorgeous old owl, leaning against gold encrusted* cushions and wrapped in priceless cashmere shawls. Her hands cross- j e<J, her eyes smiling, she inclined her whole body toward me with a smile, but she did not rise. We only looked at her. “She is the oldest woman here and the most honorable," was whispered to me,
1910: Wh.« the V.nc»~uv., 8.turd.v Sun.et The Grand Old Man of Canada Ha. Ol.cov.ry Wall. In ,h. Town of Th. Origin of «~h. Old Saying, "Rob- Which Fall, to th, Lot of England*, Sara T ho Ta turd «	, , V , J ", W°nd|r,ul C,re#r'	^onatant G.-Light.	j bin, P.t.r to Pay Paul.”	I	Lord Chambarlaln.
1910: United States:Canada:~visiting tour ot most of the European realised; and the buyers for the mnst the  came to  to the square inch. The mayo- is liv-	busn language.	meet its fellow over the crown of the
1910: England::~Right Rev. Dr. Ingram, Dishop of London, who is known iti  a» the “~ peoples' own prelate," preached in Christ Church Cathedral, Ottawa, Sunday morning lait. This week ho is the guest of Bishop Hamilton, at Blue Sea Lake for a few days, and w ill then journey to Halifax, to take part in the Bicentenary of the English church in Canada, which ia being celebrated in that city from Sept, 3rd to Sept. 10th.
1910: Canada::~One of the most notable improvements in the Central  Fair buildings, for the coming exhibition from Sept. 9 to 17, is the cold storage provided for cheese exhibits. A considerable sum has been spent cn the Dairy budding, equipping it with up-to-date refrigeration facilities, so that manufacturers of cheese will haye every accommodation in showing their products to the best advantage. The Dairy building has a floor space 74 by 100 feet, and with the improvements added since last Fair, leaves nothing to be desired.
1910: The August number of 44 The Athletic World,”~ a new name for 44 Outdoor Canada ” Magazine, has ju*t been received at this office. Since this publication was taken over by W. J. Taylor, Limited, Woodstock, Ont , each issue has shown a marked improvement over its predecessor. Its cnange of policy to that of a national athltt ic periodical is this month carried out in both name and nature. Besides the change of title the s ze has been increased and the contents augmented. Judging by the August number, fu 1 as it is of good, up-to-date reading pertaining to things Athletic, conspicuous place is assured 44 The Ath-le ic World ’’ among the leading Canadian national publications.
1910: Canada::~portance in .	church in Bristol. Very convenient to
1910: Canada::~Before Sir William Van Horne huilt the Cuba railroad, the transportation problem worried none of the Cuban Dona greatly. The country, according to Norman Rankin in July  Monthly, lay dreaming under a centuries-old habit of Spanish leisure. "In fact,'' ho «ayn, "nobody cared much whether school kept or not.
1910: Canada::~Reminiscence of War Correspondent's Lecture Tour In .
1910: Canada::~Frederick Vil liera, the famous war correspondent, who has declared his intention of settling in the Canadian West, was on a lecturing tour through  some half-dozen years ago. Among the places in which Villiers billed to speak was a Western Ontario city in which lectures are notoriously ill-attended. So much is this the case that the manager of the theatre where the Villiers' talk was to be given did not think it worth while to advertise his coming at all extensively.
1910: Canada::~_ _ .	.	__,	and Icelanders in . — great
1910: Canada::~legislatures, publish newspapers; some of. the young chaps have won Rhode Scholarships and played football. Such is the making of .
1910: $2.00—E. W. Hodgins—~Best Map of Dominion of Canada. (Particulars on application.)
1910: Canada::~of cases not only in  but in *roUHC* I* I» not to be rated as an
1910: Canada::~Cured of Resigning.	I the various parks of Glasgow. The . Mead Office of , Toronto
1910: England:Canada:~of unemployed that constitute 's emigrants, and in the last four years the Salvation Army alone has started over 50,000 of them on their way to . The general worthiness of this class is testified to by the fact that of all those emigrating under the auspices of the Salvation Army, less than one per cent failed to make good.
1910: Canada::~ducting the service when the rare >f Toronto, died suddenly on the day incident occurred. The deer is dter his arrival from  on the supposed to have been previously Syncope." in captivity, whieli would account The other published it thus :
1910: Canada::~f*. .1 i f,.	> l	u. ^laui 1,1 the\  that during the training ma-
1910: The Bank of Ottawa î~*ke Merchants Bank of Canada.
1910: Canada::~I 's Premier School of I Business, Shorthand, Tel-I graphy and Civil Service.
1910: Canada::~HELP PROTECT] tyontreal- Fire Ins. Co.
1910: Canada::~Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. And other Game duringClosel Com. of  Guarantee and
1910: wood u suitable spot Is chosen, for rice An Irishman and a Canadian thoy must Imve or starve. Under- judge were one day travelling to-growth is cut out and staked and gether through ( anada. ihe.\ hedged around to make a feuce for tbe discussing the relative merits of little rice farm.—~Exchange.	Canada and Ireland, till at last tin*
1910: Canada::~Hon. Mr. Fielding, finance minister, of  returned to the capital last Thursday, with hi# wife and daughter. The minister has lately been suffering from an attack of facial paralysis, but has recovered from it.
1910: CANADA::~IN .
1910: Canada::~Kay 3.	Armstrong 1, H Hughes 2, L Lester 3. I To Caravan Through . pert y, I offer for sale my lot, containing
1910: cipahty’s share of the County Railway bertson 2.	Ladies’ .belt, hand emby—~Mise J '	| vaning in Canada.
1910: Canada::~There i* ot least one phase of this tariff discussion which has not ns yet been touched. 80 thinks the Royal Architectural Institute of , lately airing its views in Winnipeg.
1910: Now suppose that his plans, of all those submitted, were considered the most satisfactory by the building promoters. Lucky dog! you exclaim. Rut wait—~the promoters would turn that clever Montrealer down. Why? Just because the United States Government has a restrictive clause which prohibits any other than a citizen and resident of Uncle Sam’~s country from tendering plans for a building on the south side of the line. The United States architects have prevailed upon their Government to adopt this exclusive policy. Thus they ed professional protection for themselves, and they have furthered the interests of native art by striking a blow at polyglob architecture. So far Canada has not retaliated—and it's re- | Jnly Two Known Became Heroines
1910: one of experience,” said an archi- hsowned her by reason of her mar-tect to the writer the other day. ‘‘age with a sailor, hven at that tune “~Chaps trained in Canada can build Mino had a predilection for man s at-just as good skyscrapers as the fellows are. inasmuch as at the hour of her across the line. United States archi- ilopement she employed it for the tect, have built more of them, that is purpose of evading her angry parent, all; they have made their ‘rep’; the Eventual y she shipped with her bus. public triftf: them, while they are in- :>aud and shared in his piratical ad-Hined to doubt us. There will have to ventures. Among her shipmates, who be some educational work done. Let were ignorant of her sex and also of the Government keep out the Ameri- aer relation to the captain, Anne at-architect like he shuts us out, gained a reputation for courage.
1910: Canada::~_____	,” and "Under the Apple Tree" "Very sure, sire." was the answer.
1910: CANADA::~CAPTAIN KIDD IN .
1910: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa l	Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. Montreal- Fire Ins. Co. Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dorn, of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1910: Canada::~grows hair. The women of , t0 lwve Us ; we are all i^ery sorry luit ! here 8 half a dollar for your trou- Lf the great body of the Canadian
1910: Old John Houston and Prince Hu pert go together. Without the story of John, Prince Rupert is no more interesting than «11 the '‘~new" cities you will stumble over ns you explore new parts of Canada. For Prince Rupert, even though it is the western terminus of the Grand Trunk Pacific, ami is to become a great distributing centre, and all that sort of tiling, is banking on the future so much that your eyes grow tired of straining ahead and reading the minds of the Fates and the Devil and the whims of Coin-
1910: Canada::~And he knew all about the shorter -cute from  to the Orient.
1910: Canada::~A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific journal. Terms for , ALTS a year, postage prepaid. Sold by
1910: are not a new and untried remedy—~ our grandfathers used them century ago, before Confederation, they were on sale in nearly every drug or general store in the Canada of that day, and were the recognized cure in thousands of liomes lor Constipât ion. Indigestion, Biliousness, Rheumatism • and Kidney and Liver Troubles. Today they are just as effective, jest as reliable as ever, and nothing better has yet been devised to
1910: Canada::~I he subscription! *n puce o' the paner to  i< but bet ÿt-.OO, no that tile stories cost less Mr. William Head lick, Secretary than a cent apiece, without reck-, of the North Renfrew Agricultural cuing iu all the rest of the content < !
1910: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1910: Canada::~(ludion in  for tin, year. |	-- I brtiL2, & *|£2fc «oyto!
1910: Canada::~The Traders Bank of  have
1910: ! Charlie eyed him c«~.r ous.ly for a turning home, are advantages tl at ! moment, then drawing a c?ga!-casc every man should know about, from his pocket, proceeded u> Although not the largest Bank in ; carefully select a cabana.	Canada the Traders Bank has As-
1910: Tho Hoy a I Mail Steam Packet jvn the surface. \»~'i neve, ta.i ()f t|l(, population of Canada as it break the glass. It is extraordin-. touj > jr, UK| yet there arc •Company has placed orders with »we£P u,ean WIt 1 ll >lt,?r L. •* f was at the time the news of Inker nry what a noise it makes to smash j j races which regard it as ah
1910: Canada::~undertaken by the government of overage ; also John A. Richardson $2.00 pity of British Columbia, as they call  until the question had first been for 1 child attending Shawvdle Acaicmy. Chilliwack, outspread at the foot of
1910: CFkxlly—~Give me time to collect mf railed out to the spectators that the phone system. It is unnecessary to referred to here, may find a home with good contemplated emigrating to Canada as on the I tfcmghts. Mise Keen—Certainly, Mr. ! march was styled "The Way to the add that the town which gets its tele- possibilities of cure."	8	** *aa shortly after the
1910: '‘~We beg to assure your Excellency of the unalterable attachment and devotion of the people of Canada to the,	____	.	.
1910: Canada::~British Crown, and of their desire and The YaPm ApiaPV : intention to fulfill all just reeponsi bilitles devolving upon this country as one of the nations of the Empire desire, however, to express our regret that your Excellency's gracious speech gives no indication whatever of any intention on the part of your Excellency's advisers to consult the people the naval policy of . ”
1910: Canada::~"Really, witness, when you have to appear before the court, it is your Iu estimating the assets of Alberta, I duty to be more clean and decent in , one important item Is nearly your appearance."
1910: Canada::~In Eastern  and in the United I	M yOU --------------------------------------------
1910: Canada::~the swing it takes to the west, it The two things which struck the places the largest portion of the great | peopl# who came in contact with Columbian ice field, said to contain an Father Vaughan while he stayed in area of 200 square miles within the  were his vigor and the very Province of Alberta. And so on to the practical nature of everything he said.
1910: Canada::~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. Montreal- Fire Ins. Co. Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co.
1910: Canada::~Com. of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1910: United States:Canada:~The exploitation of all high ranges the termination of her Norwegian tour the world over: the Alps, the Himala- she will return to Holland to fill some y as, the Caucasus, the Andes, the high I fifteen engagements, after which she Alps of New Zealand, has, in the first | will leave for the  and instance, been carried out by members |  on a short tour, of Alpine clubs. The earliest, the parent and most famous of them all, is	Poor Boys' Academy.
1910: Italy:Canada:~zerlnnd, Holland and . With ramifications spreading throughout j the vast area of , the club J keeps in constant touch with its mem* bers by means of local committees in Vancouver, Calgary. Winnipeg and Toronto. A local committee has also l been formed in New York, of which I committee the president and vice-¦ president of England’s Alpine Club ! are members.
1910: •~	^ ,;lw 0fi*^*	^ swallowed in time,	tion ; it was	sold bv apothecaries as	their unwelcome	mingling with the I Australia and Canada, l.ach	<*f
1910: Canada::~of .
1910: tries in t rance will largely benefit seaweeds! and'iiÎTluU vd ", third by an increased export of wheat variety is used as food ’ T„~ ,hn from Canada. Not only tins but Swan river settlement in Australia trance at, present consume* no a,1(f „tl,er places, seaweed Wlv fre Canadian flour whatever, and tnere quently appear* an the bill of far.
1910: usa::a tonic to give it strength. And in The louder the pious putting the There are thonds of just such a|<y’~ng a tightly stretched wire or all the world there is no better less the heavenward hauling.	living proofs in Canada that Dodd's string swinging its tail from side
1911: Canada::~rhe Merchants Bank of .
1911: Canada::~Our hopes for the future are very bright :	This part of  is to
1911: Se hidden in the heart of the Rocky gloomy, although the great stretch grvws duller, and the fierce-bum- cd by the military courts for mili- able” butcher at Ipswich in Suf-1 “~The net result is that at last. Mountains of Canada, if only man vf pine forest which reaches to its mg “dogs" look like evil coals of bar;\ ofTenccs or during such extra- f0ik> and “~The Immortal Bard as- we find the Tibetans anxious to be would give ear to it. We gaze up uttermost confines, bears upon its Are burning luridly in the sky. ordinary occasions as actual revolt, sisted while a youngster a butcher on neighborly terms, and, indeed, lrom the prairie-lands and quail at j drooping branches the white coat Now, from every direction, the *be courts-martial of Russia have iQ his native town of Stratford-on-1 to form an alliance with us, but.
1911: CANADA::~From the forest lands of mg out its heart at the cruel re- cessation in its onslaught. There confidently Affirm that 80 per cent. UffF	UNION RINK OF 	.Tlb<ltan8l are Ilotlr?il1!y , ^
1911: usa:Canada:~ire. aged by tens of thousands of which have withstood a thousand over the valley. The forest is hid- ified time the Russian courts-mar-1 The 46th statement of the Union they are ready enough for political fears. And here again we wait storms, and tossing them upon its don, the hills are gone, the sun is tial have hanged three thond Bank of , submitted at the transactions	. ,
1911: Canada:Canada:~London Mutual Fire Ins. Co. Montreal- Fire Ins. Co, Anglo-American Fire Ins. Co. Dom. of  Guarantee and Accident Ins. Co.
1911: Canada::~A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific journal. Terms for , $3.75 a year, postage preps
1911: William Charles Franz of the Soo—~ s a new name in Canada; and Franz it the Canadian Soo is a remarkable nan. Recently a gathering of notable public men, both Canadian and English, did honor to Mr. Franz in a quel at the city that was founded iy Clcrgue the wizard; the city that
1911: Canada::~Mr. Franz is the general manager of he works; which in their astonishing variety and range of output are among he marvels of modern . The wizard era of F. H. Clerguo who. ooking for cheap water power, discovered the great plexus of raw ma .criais that makes the Soo the most •~emarkable industrial small city in Canada, was followed by a series of apses and reorganizations; later by 1 great fire. But the 800 works of 1910 are greater even than were lreamed of in the days of Clergue. \fr. Frans is the most n the Canadian • 800. to had a dog, a rooster and a gun ilso a pocketful of rusty nails. H s now manager of a corporatio whoso property is valued at $3ô,0tM>
1911: Canada::~CiltNTH WANTICD FOR TWO NfcW I.IMti* Greatest premium propoeltfen in  Apply for particulars to Hellary, 2%W Albert HI. Ottawa.
1911: •Has increased 112% over last year. Personal instruction in all departments l>y the Principal. Honorable business dealing. Thoroughness of instruction. This is the ONLY school in this district whose'graduates have to stand an independent examination that of the Business Educators’~ Association of Canada.
1911: Canada::~A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific journal, 'terms for , *i.75 a year, postage prepaid. Sold by all newsdealer».
1911: about as “The Wheat King achieve this ambition, but to temperamental gambler wheat offers an irresistible fascination ; the prize is colossal, the excitement enthralling. The pivot of such a “corner ”~ consists of the statistics of wheat crops, consumption, prospects, etc., gathered from America, Canada, Europe, India, Russia, tho Argentine—wherever,	in
1911: Canada::~operations In  to day provide fine chances for young un We leach Telegraphy and Ktation Agents' work complete In shortest time. J’articular» free. Write Central Telegraph and Railroad School, Yonge and derrard Hte., Toronto. W. H. Mliaw, President.
1911: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .?
1911: Mrs. Brown and Miss Brown, of I p>{£~c_a,t0,r* Association of Canada Easton’s Comers, Ont., have been I For ***** write mâmmâ visiting for the past three weeks with Mr. and Mrs. Ireland.
1911: Canada::~or near Bryson is embraced within ATnM.fi>(it/inrpivA hnmA on Wed-	1887, came to  with his situated 5j mile*	from Shawville, about
1911: CANADA::~THE TROUBLE SWEEPING OVER  IS AH EPIOEMIO
1911: Canada::~La grippe is one of the most dangerous diseases that annually sweeps over . It starts with a sneeze—a slight cold—and ends with a complication of troubles. It lays the strong man on his back ; it tortures him with fevers and chills, with headaches and backaches. Its victims are left low-spirited and depressed, and an
1911: bright, cheerful and strong. If you “ ‘Smith's youngest girl has took blood, and pure blood carrier new And ,umP ooal will prevent the, to, for price. Try Zam Buk soap too. have suffered in any way from the A dose of laudanum in mistake for life to run down organs which sup- 8 ac *rora forming clinkers, epidemic of la grippe that has been | paregoric, and we're afraid she’~ll ply the body with energy, sweeping over Canada, give thiajàie.’	you’re a suffering woman ask
1911: Canada::~The more the reciprocity pact is discussed and understood throughout , the more pronounced and general is the opposition to its adoption. Every city of any importance in the Dominion has expressed strong opposition to it, and one of the latest organizations to condemn it is the Associated Boards of Trade of the province of Ontario. This opposition does not by any means come exclusively from members of the Conser-party, but the names of many
1911: Canada::~Merchants Bank of  In account with the Township of Clarendon, for Year 1910.
1911: Canada::~The cost of auditing the public accounts of  for several periods is interesting, and so great is its growth that it now exceeds $100,000 innually. Parliament established the office of Auditor-General in 1878. and the act defines the purpose of his appointment as “~for the more complete examination of the public accounts of Canada, and for the reporting thereon to the House of Commons.' The Auditor-General’s report, presented to Parliament in two or more bulky vol-is the most used bluebook of
1911: Canada::~A handsomely Ulustrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific journal. Terms for , fct.75 a year, postage prepaid, bold by
1911: deralgned any violation of the Game Law* . A ¦	rintion at “~distant towns feting as he says he was from lack to drive the trust out of Canada and he new philosophy says the hand that
1911: Canada::~WAT* MAL Dsue a no Chemical Co. of  Limite p.	mOntSKAL
1911: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1911: Canada:United States:~in , the 
1911: Mrs. Ellen Morrison, widow of dent examination—that of the Business the late John Morrison, of Bristol, | Educators’~ Association of Canada.
1911: Canada::~Some people in our town won- treasurer of the Upper Ottawa Ini-der how it is that their neighbours provement Comimny, and who for houses look so aristocratic. We many years has been identified have found it out and are going to with the lumbering industry of tell you. It is simply because the Ottawa valley, died at ftich-they used Ramsays Paints the round, Virginia, on Tuesday night building as soon a* weather will oldest and best known joints in of last week. The deceased had iKTinit. Any architect, who . You should do the same gone South about a month preknows his business, should be com- and you enn get them at the store, viewdy, accommnieti by Mrs. iietent to draw up plans for a of VV. A. Hodgins, Shawville.	Greene, to recuperate from a
1911: true that operations have ceased the matter. A company is in em- twice married, hist many years maifj do theTooking and house ‘work for a time at least. Whatever the bryo—shares of .considerable amt. W° 1,1 Ireland to a man named Apply at this office or to R. W. Hodgins. diffioulty may be, it is hoped it subscribed—~two suitable sites Barrett, who died there before she Shawvilie. will be overcome before long, aiul available, and wr future course	to Canada. Ber second ims-
1911: For a score of years Dodd’~s Kidney Pills have been in use in Canada. They have been tried in thousands of cases and there is not on record a single case where they have failed to cure diseased Kidneys. Thousands of Canadian men and women will tell you they owe their good health to Dodd’s Kidney Pills.
1911: Canada::~Via the Chicago, Union Pacific and North Western Line, daily from March 10th to April 10th from all points in .
1911: Amherst Island, Havre Aubert, Magdalen Islands, Que., March 27 (Special).—~That suffering women in all corners of Canada are being restored to health by Dodd's Kidney Pills is shown in the press every day, and this island is not without its striking examples. Mrs. Peter C. Cormier, a well known and estimable resident, tells the following story of her cure :
1911: Canada::~ara Falls, .
1911: Canada::~very act of making the photographie I The inventive bump U large is shot" also discovers traits in the I  There are Canadians mak« wild subject that a powder-aud-ball „g a fat living by devising ingenious hunter would never suspect. Ernest ,tories which tickle the national In-Thompson-Seton tells in Scribner's of effectual palate. There are othM a surprising revelation concerning the Canadians who are being paid big lynx. One of those supposedly ear- claries for the use of their expert age animals had been driven from prices in manufacturing, cover and cornered by Selon and two The classical outlet for persona of Indians.	abnormal wit was formerly literature
1911: Canada::~existence. He studied here for seven reviews and similar journals years, learning the rudiments of navi- Academic gentlemen, whose fighting gation, which later in life became use- blood is not allowed to run away with fui to him. In 1783 the Hudson Bay them. Mr. Barker does not belong Co. applied "to know il this charity to that type. He has the swinging could furnish them with four boys stride and the masterful way of the against the month of May next for man who will not put up with con-their settlement* in America." .radiction, and he lays down his views Thompson was the only loy available, in the most decided manner, and was apprenticed to the company Mr. Barker came to  with a for seven years, and was sent to Fort plan of campaign for the fight agmnjf Churchill.	I the treaty, and he gave it out in
1911: Canada::~Published elsewhere in this issue in ni ristu it is the Annual Report for the past had greater year of the Hoard of Directors of wolfish the  Cement Company, as cook r; food read by the President, to the Share- round with licking bps holders, at the Annual Meeting held stepped back tr in Montreal on the 21st of Febru- raised aloft one < f the logs he had
1911: Canada::~11	4	1	throughout  so far as pos- The voice sounded nearer. In spite
1911: | Another noteworthy feature of the Ralph thought he detected a joy-Report is the provision made for ousness in the tone which was un-employé~s to become possessors of usual. A shiver passes! down his stock. This is, as pointed out, a back, and his thoughts flew at once policy already in force in some of to Aim-sa. the largest institutions, and shows that the Canada Cement Company -are quick to appreciate any means of stimulating interest and confidence upon the part of the staff.
1911: Canada::~April 4, 11, 18 and 26 from points in . Excellent train servies St. Paul or Duluth to Winni-For full particulars address B. H Bennett, General Agent, 4f Yonge Street, Toronto, Ont.
1911: Canada::~Your Directors beg to present herewith the annual statement of the affairs and financial position of the  Cement Company, Limited, as of the 31st December, 1910.
1911: Canada::~Early in 1910 the price of our product was fixed at a lower price than cement had ever been sold for in , excepting for a short period in 1909, but your Directors are pleased to state that the anticipated savings in manufacturing and distributing our products were such that they were able to still further reduce this price.
1911: Canada::~It is also the policy of the Company to equalize the price of cement throughout  in so far as the physical conditions make such possible, and in furtherance of this policy, your Directors have arranged to purchase a site near Winnipeg, on which they will erect, this year, a mill to grind clinker, which will be shipped from one of our Eastern mills. The buildings, machinery, etc., will be planned co that, should it at any time in the future be advisable, a Burning Department can be added, and the clinker produced on the property.
1911: Canada::~The Chinese immigration  has shown a big increase this year. This is indicated by the revenue figures, which, for eleven months, total around two million, au Ailri7TV w ^
1911: usa:Canada:~Tharies Sheldon, the blind pool artist, who victimized thonds of Canadians la>t year, through his operations in Montreal, was nabbed last week in Pittsburg, Pa., and will likely be brought back to , when he runs the gauntlet of several charges that have cropped OH against him across the
1911: Canada::~According to official estimates made by the Department of the Interior, the available water powers of the Dominion of  are capable of developing energy representing morç the* 25,000,000 horsepower, which if produced from coal would represent a consumption of more than 562,000,000 tons per annum, at the rate of 21.9 tons of coal to the horsepower.
1911: We keep the “ Success ” line, the best “ two-for-a-quarter ”~ collar made in Canada.
1911: Canada::~by	and mental re-	aote an to every drug	in  from
1911: Calgary, April 2(1.—There left Cslgsry yo'terdsy for London an aggregation of rough liders, cowboys snd Indians, wh ch under the name of 66 Western Show No. 1, will tour the Agriuu'tursl districts of Great Britain during the summer months. In addition to the regular attractions thia show wi’~l exhibit moving pictures of a typically weetem character and advertise Western Canada aa an advantageous place for settlement.
1911: Canada::~.	.	.	,	.	And now, ahead, he heard the	seated himself	beside the stove and	.credit	to	the Dominion of ,
1911: Canada::~circular which fully describes the conditions of this, the first test of the kind ever held In .
1911: CANADA::~Every dealer who handles'"" Cement will alar, be given a supply of these circulars—and you can get one from the dealer In your town, If that seems more convenient than writing for It.
1911: CANADA::~In Prize "D" of our contest, open to the farmers of Canula, we offer $100.00 to the farmer in each Province who will furnish us with the best and most complete description of how any particular piece of concrete work shown by photograph sent in was dene. The size of the work described makes no difference. Tho only Important thing to remember is that the work must be done In 1911 and "" Cement used.
1911: Canada::~The Batvit of Ottawa I The Merchants Bank of .
1911: ducators’~ Association of Canada. For catalogue write,
1911: turns at wu,, th„ election will be That yQU w||, ,mve „„~ malnlenanee ex. perhaps the most momentous in the | pense such aa painting every few years, history cf Canada, and it therefore be hooves every patriotic son cf the Dominion to interest himself in the out-
1911: accident has claimed seven miners in —.	¦. ,	¦¦	_^	, ter •~	1 evcz7 ^ight cans were get out by present session thereof for an Vt 1 ttrl.ement du Canada à sa présente
1911: Canada::~A hundred and seventy new towns are to go up along the railway lines of Western  this year. The probability is that theae towns will lock as much alike as peas in a pod.
1911: married daughter In Paris who was ’‘~PProachlng footsteps, but they might Wllj be somewhat like those of the writing her constantly of her social trl- 10 ve spaced the start Neither of them slower-grown cities of Eastern Canada, umphs and prosperity. Yea, her chll- observed.	_	the men behind the Western
1911: Then, Jost at the correct peycbologl- <v,8e Hilly» “Why sbouldu t she? She’s problems facing the cities of Eastern cal moment, be came—the man to havJD* her 8t Martin’~s summer, you Canada.—Canadian Courier.
1911: Canada::~A handsomely illustrated weekly. Large# circulation of any sclentiflo Journal. Terms for , gi.75 a year, postage prepaid. Sold toy
1911: Canada::~Paints have been made in  860 0(1 m ,n*y-	and investigation of years by some of	a drop of 8 per cent, solution of eom-
1911: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .?
1911: aiaii mutiny, and the avoue a street dropped down ; again it rose, heck- ously at present. Unhappy little	a, ’ K‘~ \	.	ty from which the Earls and Dukes lar in Canada, and I explain this
1911: Canada::~A handsomely Uluatrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific Journal. Terme for . $3.75 a year, postage prepaid, Baid by aU newedealera.
1911: Canada::~one petty differences. They bad wran- Sbe drew him to her hungrily. Som* ^ j&rvia Street Collegiate and Up-fled long and fiercely. At the end of	thing warm and wet splashed on his	wr  boy. He spent two years
1911: CANADA::~THE  SUGAR REFINING CO.
1911: Canada::~c upies so a plait m the .mans Holy Communion 1st and 3rd Sunday pelt, are now valued at a dollar. I miles' south of Moose Jaw. During of the county. It these things are in each month.	But	does My Lady of  ever	i every	day	of	the	year	ending	March
1911: Canada::~we possibly would have to lend a V11V 1 nu,n 1	Wv| , F. , s 's history has been wrapped northward, ever northward. German-
1911: fortunately true, lias had an tin- Parish of Thorne and Leslie. I indeed, is one of our greatest assets ; cans, and Americans—all bearing undue share of the tragical dur-	——	and in competition with other coua- northward, where land is twenty doling the past ten or fifteen years ;	Sunday Si.rvi »~:s.	tr.es, Canada will always take first fa^ an aero instead of sixty or a
1911: loss. Capital Heaves RemeJy "’~hi I permanent industry in Canada, for the 1 North Portal is second in the race
1911: r°	*	v •~ v w	elude earth in their dietary. Among	western Canada from $12 to $13.	“Are you turc,"	asked his friend,
1911: States they range from $2/,0 per that ) save quite a lot of money head in Texas to $5.30 in Tlli i ia “Wiiat is it, Harold t”~ and Iowa, while in Canada the	‘ Why, yo i wash me two or three
1911: Canada::~Prices of swine are slightly high-1'0,1 ^ ,<Ave ^ A 0,1 onlv washed rn^ er in  than in the United onr* * month- I wouldn’t mind it, Hit ales. In the eastern border | f,,ot"er» renlJy I woutdn t !
1911: Canada::~fount. Be fair to yourself. Don t wane more time. W rite ( OM MI SSION Rtt BOARD OF TRADE, Saskatoon, .Saskatchewan, Western .
1911: cab.nat. and if the miner, and operator. I î~tn ^Tho l'" if.ed SUt'e,' do not shortly get together the govern- at the last convention, but was only there j ment will act. A refund of the duty on from a commercial viewpoint, soft coal entering Western Canada will *	ant* other German
1911: Canada::~O Central  Exhibition
1911: tt rce day»~ have hosn warm nil over Sn- Courier. During the day he goes out different fermentation, and here the k itebewm, and h i far there have baon to his farm, but his garden is in the I chef comes In, applying the bacteria n i report* uf actual damage by rust. town, and his lesser agricultural et- ! of years which cause these fermenta-Georg* Luivley, M. L. A. fur R^d forts are concentrated there. That is I tions to the leaf, birry, aril a prominent grain g-owor, really what the community life of the I "Yes, the tobacco chef of the highest says that crop* are sure to he nipped by Mormons in Canada is—just a being ‘type, the one who ferments Havana frost bef re the hirvpst, which, he thinks blether for church and schools and j tobacco, handles the various breeds of
1911: Card had planned to go to Mexico—~ the Church sent him to Canada. Mr.
1911: Bramweil had a future across the border—the Church suddenly ordered him | a® she!”~ to Canada. A young man is busy over his affairs. He is sent on a mission to Turkey, where his father supports him, or his brother, or even his wife, by becoming a book agent, or clerking in a general store. "We go voluntarily,'* they hastened to assure me;
1911: Canada::~What is the connection between the Mormon Church in  and the Church in Utah? The Canadian territory is treated exactly as if it were part of Utah. Under the president, councillors, apostles and other officers Buffalo Express, of the Utah Church are the quorums
1911: Canada::~A hAndsomoly tilustrat'xl weekly. Largest circulation of any mctentlSo Journal. Terms for , I'Uj a year, pontage prepaid. Bold by all newsdealers.
1911: Canada::~The  Sugar Refining Co., Limited, Montreal
1911: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .;
1911: Other speakers were Mr. Chambers, up fa mi|y He was about 65 years	=> aind 1 Uies ot ti“« 'a*1'a?» “~? Educators' Association of Canada.
1911: Canada::~The  Sugar Refining Co., Limited, Montreal
1911: Canada::~Liberal newspapers in  are re the cartoons of Vailed States
1911: Mr. George E. Foster, speaking to the «~lectors of North Toronto, said that Canada, more than reciprocity with the United States, needs more reciprocity between the provinces. This is good eense ; and when the Conservatives get into power at Ottawa they can do something to get what is needed by repealing ?he muddling trade restrictive clauses of the Fisher law which permits a meat packer in Ottawa to sell and ship meat a thousand miles to Kenora, in Western Ontario, without restriction, but forbids I STKKL LOCK ALL 1U>VNI> ami him shipping a ham over the river to Hud CLKA F SHINGLKS are : -
1911: Canada::~Central  Exhibition, Ottawa, Ont.,
1911: Canada::~attempt will be made to annex  A train containing Mr. Hudgins	sup-	' reP°R tbt’ wb(J^e written from	be toléra ten l.	On	the	21st day	of
1911: Canada::~Those who come to us have to be born again. If ever there was a country in which patriotism should burn with a vehement flame, it is . #)ok to It.
1911: Mr. Rsher pored heavily by giving a list of farm products which are sent to the United S*a*fH in face of the exisii :g taiitf in much greater quantities than to by helping Industrial expansion with a Great Britain. This went to prove, he tariff. They became the greatest man- 1 »~%id, that for many things the best mar-ufacturing country in the world. They Lets aie to be found in the United State*, have done it by hoeing their own row. Mr. F sher dealt in no uncertain sound Canada took a leaf out oLtheir book, with the Come vative c y of “ Let well She could not have had 1er big In- enough alone.” It was a policy which dustrlal cities any other way. Her the Liberals could never accept, home market would have been a negli- In cone union he regretted the ditfer-. . - „	imoait KV « i gible quantity if she had been content ences in the Liberal ranks. Liuvier and
1911: President Taft said. “Canada is at the Muten h,m and by their oppo>i.i« n Mrs. Hugh Horner, who spent the -Clerk of the District Magistrates Court,	tij t^e wayg »»~ Canada Is ex- revealed Mr. Hodgins’ strength in Mr past J months in the West, has returned
1911: Canada::~As every mot lier knows the death rale of little ones in  dur lug the hot summer months far ox «rods that of any other season of the \ear. The reason for this is that the excessive heat brings on those dreaded troubles, cholera infant um, diarrhoea, dysentery and other fetviuach and bowel
1911: Canada::~tion in  Apply B.
1911: —“~Safety of Principal" tained that King Manuel is indebt- immigrants arrived in Canada, 18,-
1911: A despatch from Winnipeg says, —~One hundred prominent Western Canada business men will visit the chief industrial cities of Great Britain during June next year. This was definitely decided at a directors’ meeting of the Winnipeg Industrial ' Bureau on Thursday. Leading financial and commercial men representing all Western cities, will be invited to accompany the Winnipeg party, covering six weeks’ itinerary abroad.
1911: Canada::~The Rev. G. Dustin, Methodist minister fceepa (he affections of his children, ing place within the Empire  ^>uiu be gianted towards the of Yarn, performed the ceremony.	who have become his partners, is rapidly advancing towards the first Georgian nay canal. 1 contend
1911: United States:United States:~father, wore a dress of ivory silk trimmed | that they would soon leave him, and Canada has the advantage of being 18 greater importance than with cream tulle, and carried pink roies. here .they are closer than ever to the alongside of the . From many or the other protects that She was attended by her sister, Birdye, old Gentleman with the side whiskers being neglected by Downing Street j have been granted liberal amounts, who was attired in a dress of pale blue and the peculiar pants."	and regarded by the  as and further, that the adoption of
1911: Canada::~Rev. G. Dustin, Yarm : Rev. Mr. Scliaff- slon about it. The Dominion is one with  which would secure com- to Ville Marie and on through that ter and Rev. D. J. Craig, Bristol. The of the junior partners.	mercial union with and give to the splendid, fertile tract of country
1911: Canada::~Ilodgins, Ottawa ; Mr. and Mrs. Alfred a-whoop sound. It Is a bigger name trade between  and Europe. trict, comprising the north-west
1911: Canada::~overseas Dominion of the Crown to The brains of Canadian statesman- for our la mid inn farmer, and this have responsible government in ex- 8hip were required for the fulfilment fmr  remain true and firm actly the same way as the United of the national policies, which were j11 her allegiance to the Mother-Kingdom. They said that a Colonial undertaken with so much care and land, to turn out on the 21st Sept-Governor should not be compelled to foresight. We needed time to consol!- ember and vote tor better govern-accept the advice of his Ministers date our forces and to bring into ment, true Canadian patriotism, when they had a majority of the popu- national sentiment the aliens to our and lar House. But these things are done genius. Instead we are invited to re-and the Imperial bond is closer and verse our method for one which the
1911: Canada::~The Bank OF Ottawa 11 The Merchants Bank of .
1911: incessantly until well on in the money to friends of Mr. Brabazou,	- Fo?caUl4uTwriten °~f Canada'
1911: Our facilities for serving you are good. We have an obliging staff of helpers. And best of all—~we have the most pleasant, good-natured and agreeable lot of customers in Canada.
1911: Canada::~The  Sugar Refining Co., Limited, Montreal
1911: Smart. Rye-1 H T McDowell. Buck- Fitzsimmons.-Quilt woollen, patchwork	ülffll vl&SS £uMllulirû~	for the k cation of factories in Canada. and telephone lines and Charge
1911: Canada::~The following are the scores mad^ by Parlement dw , à the Radford and Kszubazua teams in the | chaîne session pour un acte 0. F. Hodgins cup competition last Mon-
1911: --1 d un point près de Kippawa dans le Comté de Pontiac dans un *2 direction nord-ouest a un point sur 801 ja Rivière des Quinze dans la dite Comteé et Province de Québec, pour se rejoindre avec la branche du chemin de fer du Pacifique Can-76 adieu à ou près de Kippewa dans la dite Province ; pour construire 571 et operer des lignes de Télégraphe et Téléphoné et de charger pour leur usage ; de faire des arrange-82 nients avec d'autres compagnies, avec les autres pouvoirs usuels et mm I ordinaires, et que les travaux à >7 être construits soient déclares être 76 J pour l'avantage géné~ral du Canada. 4 Daté A Ottawa ce 12me jour de Septembre, 1911.
1911: Canada::~A LINE tOB Write us for our choice We have the  Apply B.
1911: Canada::~Via the Chicago, Union Pacific and North Western Line, daily from September ISth to October 15th from all points In . Pullman tourist sleeping care daily. Personally conducted California tour* In Pullman tourist sleeping cars on through train* leave Chicago Tuesday and Thursday of each week. Kor rate* folders and full I particular* apply to B. II. Bennett, Gaul. Agt., 46 Youge 81., Toronto, Ontario.
1911: CANADA::~Impunties of the Blood Counter-	 business COLLEGE self «he denies all luxury.
1911: Canada::~Windsor, Ontario, .
1911: Canada::~zXhe Merchants iBank of .;
1911: Canada::~The  Sugar Refining Co
1911: CANADA::~MONTREAL, .
1911: Canada::~ers of . $400.00 In prizes will he awarded to each Province. These prizes will he divided Into four groups, consisting of:
1911: Canada::~Every farmer in  is eligible. Therefore, do not be deterred from entering by any feeling that
1911: CANADA::~O , LIMITED, MONTREAL. 22	all the offices Margaret ho tenderly	strange association of Colonel
1911: Canada::~Such industrial issues as: Western  Flour Mills Company, Limited, first mortgage 6's; P. Burns Sr Company, Limited, first mortgage and first and refunding mortgage 6's; William Davies Company, Limited, first mortgage 6’s.
1911: Canada::~We have extensive markets for such investments both in  and abroad.
1911: CANADA::~HINDUS IN .
1911: Canada::~The present Hindu popi lation of  numbers about 5,000, all men, for no women are allowed to
1911: Canada::~bosom, the sacred memory of their	them to  or to
1911: Canada::~these people in , for the	notorious brigands has been devast-
1911: Canada::~America and  and the first	men, led by a Spaniard named
1911: Canada::~impossible, why should not that wife	name; and Dulcie had amused	her-	 in 1903) when and continu-
1911: Canada::~The  Sugar Refining Co.,
1911: CANADA::~MONTREAL, .	Limited
1911: “~M'OTICE b hereby given that J-N application will be made to tho l'ai lia mont of Canada at thv next session thereof foi* nu Act to incorporate a railway oomnany mulot t lu* aamo of " Quinze lu ver and Ottawa Railway Company," with power to lay out, construct.
1911: list met and operate telegraph and telephone lines and charge tolls for tlie use of the same : to enter into agreement* with other companies, with other usual and eiMomai y powers, and that the works to be constructed be dé~via ml to be works for the general advantage of Canada Dated at Ottawa this 12th day of
1911: A VIS est par le present donne ¦ü. qu’~application sera fait au Parlement du Canada, A sa prochaine session pour un acte pour incorporer une compagnie de chemin de fer le nom de “ La Compagnie du Chemin de Fer de la Rivière des Quinze & d’Ottawa,” avec pouvoir de tracer, construire, v<|iiipei' et opérer une ligne de chemin d'un point près de Kippawa dans le Comté de Pontiac dans un direction nord-ouest a un point sur la Rivière des Quinze dans la dite Comteé et Province de Québec, pour se rejoindre avec la branche du chemin de fer du Pacifique Canadien à ou près de Kippewa dans ladite Province; pour construire et opérer des ligues de Télégraphe Telephone et de charger pour leur usage ; de faire des arrangements avec d’autres compagnies, avec les autres pouvoirs usuels et ordinaires, et que les travaux tV
1911: être construits soient déclares être pour l'avantage géné~ral du Canada.
1911: Canada::~HEN you enter the  Cement Prize
1911: Canada::~It was said a few years ago that Ned Hanlan was 's best advertisement, and it now remains to be seen whether Butler will take his place, fellow.
1911: Canada::~One dollar for a pound of bacon. Those prices arc not the prices asked to-day, but they are the ones Mr. MacAuiay had to pay when came to Western . Everything was sold for dollars. Of course the excessive freight made the price so high, as it had to be carted many miles because there were no railroads.
1911: Canada:Canada:~Dr. James Macintosh Bell, F.R.Q.8., who lins recently been in , and who while here took over the old homestead, in which he was born, is a native of Almonte, Ont., p son of Mr. Andrew Bell, C.K., of that nlace, and a nephew of Dr. Hubert Bell, ly director of the Geological Survey. Dr. Macintosh Bell, himself, was, as a matter of fact, for some years u very prominent member of the staff of the Geological Survey of  In 1896 he accompanied his uncle, Dr. Hold. Bell, to Grand
1911: Canada::~In the rase of bonds all this trouble is obviated for the reason that the legality and security of a bond issue are, as a rule, carefully examined and passed upon once for all by one or more of the most skilled lawyers in . Kxcept in the f small municipal boml issues the for large amounts and are
1911: Canada::~Pills fail to cure mical Co. of . Limited., Dept. W.L.,
1911: Canada::~National Drug and Chemical Co. ol , Limited.
1911: "Yes—about five million,”~ said Canada prohibiting the use of alum Hickenlooper.	baking-ppwders, every housewife
1911: Canada::~Rend ns your hurt measurement and Ahe length of coat desired, and wo will send same C. O D. to any pr T In , allowing privilege of examining and re, ! turning if not satisfactory at our expense, * WRITE TO 178 TO-DAY.
1911: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .
1911: CANADA:UNITED STATES:~THE MERCHANTILE HOUSE OF  AND THE  bear testimony to the efficiency of our instructions.
1911: Has increased 112% over last year. Personal instruction in all departments by the Principal. Honorable business dealing. Thoroughness of instruction. This is the ONLY school in this district whose giaduateshave to stand an indepen dent examination—that of the Business Educators’~ Association of Canada.
1911: Canada::~Na-Dru-Co Syrup of Linseed, Licorice and Chlorodyne will soothe that exasperating tickling, loosen the phlegm and cure the inflammation of the mucous membrane. It not only stops the cough qpickly, allowing yon to get sound, refreshing sleep, but it goes to the root of the trouble and drives out the cold completely. Children willingly take Na-bra-Co Syrup of Linseed, Licorice and Chlorodyne, because it tastes so good. Your Druggist has it or can quickly get It for you in 25c. and 50c. bottles. The National Drug & Chemical Co. of , Limited.
1911: Canada::~This process of frontier means muo every one must be grateful to the pioneer farmers and pioneer railway constructors who are opening up new districts for the public benefit. Thi| process means much to the provinces where the work Is proceeding apace, and also a great deal to those who live in Eastern  and reap some of the benefits that come from a larger and more populous Dominion.
1911: Canada::~pushing hack the n for , and
1911: Canada::~Gillette Safety Razor Co. ot , Limited
1911: Canada:United States:~One of our reporters has inter* viewed Mr. Melville, the chief representative of Thomas J- Lipton for  and the , who, when asked for tho cause ol the increase in price of tea, saidi
1911: CANADA::~OF QUEBEC,  Manufacturers of Paper, Pulp and Timber
1911: Canada::~The  Sugar Refining Co
1911: CANADA::~MONTREAL, .	:
1911: Canada::~and , among whom are many ot cur strongest Banks and Insurance Companies.
1911: Canada::~Used In more homes In the U. 8  than any other cough remedy.
1911: Canada::~value of money Is  It has little influence on these Then, too, except for a few large
1912: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of  i
1912: CANADA:UNITED STATES:~THE MERCHANTILE HOUSE OF  AND THE  bear testimony to the efficiency of instructions.
1912: Hum increased 112 over last year. Personal instruction m all departments by the Principal. Honorable business dealing. Thoroughness of instruction. This is the ONLY school in this district whose'graduateehnve to stand an indepen dent examination—that of the Business Educators’ Associâ~t ion of Canada.
1912: Canada::~The Union Bank of  held it* 47th annual meeting at the Head
1912: Canada::~GEN IM WANTED every home. Write us tor our choice cl agent# supplies. We na*s me greatest agency proposition in  to-day. No outlay uixeasary. Apply R C 1. Co.. 228 Albert Ht, Ottawa
1912: Canada::~The Greatest Educational Show in Eastern ."
1912: Canada::~But doctors, whose conceptions, if would be imagined, naturally re n largely to the problems of the human body, have shown before this that they were also extremely familiar with the body politic. The doctor in Par 1 lament is a tradition in  Is Viola Metcalf. 390,	I not that hale, old chieftain, of former
1912: Canada::~The  Sugar Refining Co.,
1912: CANADA::~MONTREAL, . gUiMliM hi |S§4 b Jsfce
1912: venture will be so likewise. And management Is almost as important V or •~sample, the bonds of the Canada Bread
1912: “~j^NYTHING that is produced in Canada from Canadian materials, hy the application of Canadian brain and labor, will always have first call With me. And it’s only good business my part that it should
1912: ,n the I orcjipim n,,tcd Kinmde murder case which distnct,suficr«da «~hsastious fire on interested the whole of Canada a Thursday moroing last, whereby jew years ago, is to lx* revived, about halt of the business places,
1912: Canada::~An exc ellent chance to buy nun* bred beefing or dairy cattle will be afforded fanner* by the Kaatern Ontario Salem Association on Jan nary 19th. on the ocean ion of nil auction male of select animal-to be held in eon junction with the Ottawa Winter Fair in the Fat 8lock Show Building on the Central  Fair ground*. Contributor- of stock fm	.«It will not
1912: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa $The Merchants Bank of .
1912: Canada::~Royal Bank of  Had Record Year
1912: Canada::~Once more The Royal Rank of  is able to report in its
1912: Trunk and Canadian Northern Railways „„„ xx hi„~ Po ,h'jtras% Trim ml will spend between them fifty millions of inm, . uu Wove ..wue Spring, mi t tuf vd dollars in Western Canada in extensions h*<»fr.top Muttreni*. *o tit and betterments during the coming sum- j 1 ':v **fver mer, and will employ between them in this work an army of $bO,O0O men.	1
1912: Canada::~place after their signatures on bond-excepting equipment bonde, cheques a period, some a comma. The convertibility of a public utility some a rough star, others a short bond varies considerably. In , or long dash, making the genuine- however, the better class of these, t.e., ness of the signature depend more those baaed on utilities in large and upon this slight characteristic than growing cities, are most popular and. the name itself.	therefore, are readily convertible in the
1912: they mention your public meetings j r > sny°ne i	country ••~ young ae Canada this can
1912: Canada::~: The Merchants Bank of .
1912: Canada::~L.	Boothe, Milkmaid Mm. H. Leater, Red Cro*8 Nurse Mm. R. Woodley, Aunt Jemima Muriel Beami*h, Highland Lassie Marguerite Barnett. Indian Girl Florence Landrie, Mother Gooee Maud McDowell. Citizen Girl Lillie Hodglns Equity Girl A. Cuthbertaon, Red Riding Hood Krrna Armstrong,  Gertie McDowell, Silver Bell
1912: Canada::~he forewarned and equip yourself Mrs T W WiUnn m #	Educator*' Association of ,
1912: Canada::~Toronto. These come from all parts of , for patients are received from anywhere in the Dominion.
1912: First at hand is a file of The Que- \r ' Th® advertiser. Chaa. F. Grece. bee Gazette for the year 1807 — one , n Rf>es on to say that persona do-hundred and five years old. It was “~roua /A seeing the different pro Upper and Lower Canada then, and 1 '*?*?** *n culture and manufacture each province was for the most part i 'lt>niP *dl he employed by him a* a wilderness. For fifteen years the i u* establishment at Longue Pointe, provinces had had representative ^erc he ia making experiments in government It was still the days of cuIlure of hemp, the stage-coach and the sailing vessel, Several of the partnership notice-*
1912: fîpnpnp U YM FRI »~ # railway in Canada.	the firm-name being MvTav-
1912: Canada:russia:~.ime in  on New Year's Day ia07, almost three months after it had .	, totted by the King of P. , ,Ht.
1912: Canada::~q Western  Power Co. First Mortgage 5% Bonds selling at 90yield This company has perpetual water rights from government on Slave Lake. Plant is located 35 miles from Vancouver and New Westminster, B.C. which cities It supplies with electric power. This year's net earning should be over 3 times bond interest. Can develop loo,000 H P. as needs of rapidly growing British Columbia demand: Engineer In charge-Mr. R. F. Hayward, late of Mexican Light Heat and Power Co.; President, C H. Cahan. Directorate, A. R. Doble, Secretary Bank of Montreal ; Sir Max Aitken; T. T. Drummond, President Lake Superior Corp.; John Hendry, Vancouver; Wm. McNeill, Vancou-
1912: Canada::~ver; Campbell Sweeney, Manager Bank of Montreal, Vancouver. Western  Power Bonds will appieciate in value. An absolutely safe and profitable investment. Write us for literature with list of bondholders and full information.
1912: CANADA::~*how, usually on the end of one of the floor beams, a ra*t Iron plate bearing the inscription. This car Is the property of the Imperial Bolling Stock Company." GOOD POINTS OF RAILROAD EQUIP- | :,nt* stating the series of bonds which MENT BONOS NOT REALIZED IN .
1912: Canada::~lint of agents supplies greatest agency proposition in  to-day No outlay necessary. Apply U C. 1. Cm.. 228 Albert Kt.. Ottawa
1912: Mrs. Colin Gabble—“Do you ever Cb0mlcal °°~* of Canada, Limited. Dept. | only good for the children when
1912: Canada::~WHF.RCAS five years ago the word Zam-Buk was unknown in , and Zam-Buk is to-day
1912: Theüakkof Ottawa I î~The Merchants Bank of Canada. \
1912: VI» Chicago and North Western By., on •~ale daily. March 1st to April 18th, from all points In Canada to Los Angelas. Han
1912: CANADA::~Of . LIUWTID. IS#
1912: Canada::~Used in  for over half a century —used in every corner of the world where people suffer from Constipation and its resulting troubles—
1912: ” I q Many of Canada’~s shrewdest and best informed investors hare bought Western ,	| Canada Power Co. Bonds. At their present price of go they pay over
1912: Canada::~Battleford has the credit of having I had the first newspaper %n western | . P. O. Laurie, the pioneer \\ mail i his *L with ! newspaperman id the west, took his
1912: Canada::~in  immediately following the Island for the { H we k has returned
1912: Wilion, who has been very ill, ta able tc Mr Robert 0. Bailey, private secrw- ! ' Because," said the little girl, “moth- br®su'r«~ter *n*l others, who desire to father, mother, son. daughter, brother or Canada or Great Britain be around again.	tary to Mr, Franklin MacVeagh eecre- er told me ta"-HarpeTs Magazine. honor him In England and America."	* intending homeeUader.
1912: Canada::~sent homestead law. The only men of , although unable to n<>* object to the knowledge that i*	ggg pgj^nt*	, Reamed about it, and was horri
1912: Canada::~attribnttxl to special selfishness, made by man in order that he might , toward congestion in Admiral Lionel Tufne.l. who retired big cities ; the majority must resign , , * mTvV :	,	. .
1912: Canada::~The petition of the undersigned residents of the Dominion of , humbly sheweth that :
1912: Canada::~Chemical Co. of . Limited. Dept boy. Where were VOU horn 1” W.L.. Toronto.	Boy—“Crewe, sir.”
1912: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa ;The Merchants Bank of .
1912: Ha# increased 112% over last year. Personal instruction in all departments by the Principal. Honorable business dealing. Thoroughness of Instruction. This Is theONLY school in this district whose'graduateshave to stand an indepen dent examination—~that of the Business Educators' Association of Canada.
1912: Canada::~Better in quality, rapacity and price works better, better finished, I**# ja pries. Hive different cutting pistes. "MAXWKI.LS PURITY" is the only food cutter made In -and convenience, perfect cutting and durability
1912: Canada::~fWe hare arranged for a weekly letter about Toronto affairs, which, we believe, will be of great Interest to manj of our readers. These letters will be from the ,	,	, pen of one of  s foremost Journa-
1912: Canada::~affecting as far am they can make it do contact With fruit JU1CC. so. all parts of . Such a eitua-tlon contains all the elements of a sen*
1912: ^ The First Mortgage Bonds of Price Bros. & Company 6 per cent, on the investment-secured by first mortgage on one of the finest paper mills and over four million acres of the best pulp and timber land in America—~insured with Uojrds, of London, England, against fire—offer a most attractive investment present net earnings of the Company are sufficient to pay the bond interest twice over. The growing demand for pulpwood is yearly increasing the value of the Company’~s properties. These bonds have been purchased by the best informed financiers in both Canada and England. At their present price they yield 6 per cent interest Considering security, earnings, assets, and the likelihood of
1912: England::~evnt-i. of the Bank of , of whom 840 arc at the bead office In London ind the remainder In the branche# 225 rent*, throughout the country. Five hundred The hrst session of the twelfth Pari is- j —-—~	i porters and mechanics are also eminent of Canada closed on Monday last--------ployed. The bank prints its own notes
1912: Canada::~THE STANDARD is the National Weekly Newspaper of the Dominion of . _ It Is national in all its
1912: Canada::~A subscription " to The Standard costa $200 per year to any address in  or Great Britain.
1912: An Oil That is Famous.—~Though Canada was not the birthplace of Dr. Thomas' Eclectric Oil, it is the home of that famous compound. From here its good name spread to Central and South Am the West Indies. Australia
1912: Canada::~Earl Grey, ex Governor General of , think the general application of the principle of co-partnership will provide the way out to national contentment and security.
1912: Canada::~nil Canadian Pacific Station* in , of eagles In the Alps ure under the proPort Arthur, Ont.. Sault Ste. Marie, Out., tecllon of the Swiss federal govern-Wiminor, OnL, and east, also u» and from I Detroit and Sault Ste Marie, Mich., Buif- I do. Suspension Bridge, Niagara Falls. N. !
1912: Canada::~man in  -knows a C'lyile*- ! their way to a friend's house. Loyd was	•	-	 -{ent quality and were sold at $1.80
1912: Canada::~This is particularly true just now, | whole of the charge entering h# light	^	the largest	catch	in	their t	it tory	land,	 now	promises to be savior in spite of the biff season*» | shoulder, seme of it coming through the	get	season,	whales	to	the number of	from	a potatoe	famine
1912: Canada::~be*t cuteae* ever shown in .
1912: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa -'The Merchants Bank of .
1912: CANADA::~NATIONAL DftUO AND CHEMICAL CO OF  LlM'Tf• 122
1912: Canada::~in ever) drug store in  from coast to coast and all country mer chant» keep it for sale. So, being easily procurable and extremely] is!" moderate in price, no one should be without a bottle of it.
1912: Mr. Fielding’s reputation ns a diplomat will suffer by the most recent of President Taft’~s declarations about Canada almost as much as did his credit as a financial adviser by bis National Transcontinental Railway nv'rd or his loan fuvkii g vent ares in London. He went to Washington to secure a mat ket, he thought, and got what President Taft said would make Canada 44 only an adjunct of the Vnittd States,” transferring all its I i% business t > New York and Chicago. It would not be surprising to learn that he himse’f is now surprised at what he did not know about w hat he was doing.—Montreal Gazette.
1912: Canada::~uf .
1912: Canada::~A subscription to The Ptandard sts $2.00 per year to any address In  or Great Britain.
1912: Canada::~entrusted with therein# of government ^inee its introduction in , Par-
1912: Canada::~are the ordinary share# The history of preferred shares in  has been in the long run satisfactory, making due allowance. of course, for the Amalgamated and Black Lake Asbestos fiascos.
1912: England::~of London, , against lire—offer ¦~ most attractive investment. The ureeent net earnings of the Company are sufScient to pay the bond interest twice over. The growing demand for puipwood la yearly Increasing the value of th# Company's properties. These bonds have been purchased by the best informed financiers in both Canada and England. At their present price they yield 6 per cent Interest Considering security, earnings, assets, and the likelihood of appreciation In relue, Price Bros, à Company bonds constitute an exceptional
1912: —~ Most reliable make in Canada —
1912: Canada::~IhuBUODKOF Ottawa! ^The Merchants Bank of  j [
1912: Canada::~forgot or neglected to initial a por-1 social nature in which their co- Harvey as the opening number of tion of the ballots that were used, operation was sought. They leave the June issue of Rod and Gun in Of this number 27 were marked Shah ville bearing with them the  published Rt Woodstock for Mr. Campbell and 11 for Dr. beet wishes of the whole com- Ont, by W. J Taylor, Limited Gabon ry.	All, of course, were munity.	__	••Vacation Campe ^ follows and
1912: Canada::~one when looked into, as it shows | Wednesday of last week at the gf Baa tern , Mrs. M G. haiisSmUhu % u h	jZZ
1912: Canada::~In this carton 5 pounds full weight of 's finest
1912: Canada::~LTNe  L SugarRcmningCoS
1912: •~re from the pen of one of Canada •, manhood. And why not i Margaret
1912: "bllaetlvfty/ which *itPpr*2»ntM« "birfln* ®vent hc ia »~'ked to recall wlxat he c ho logic expert not only t-J examine a fair cbaooe U, tell the truth and throughout Canada. A lull, and they drop j lias se.’fl. The event test has been witnes?©» as previously suggested, that his knowledge of tho ©vent is
1912: q The First Mortgage Bonds of Price Bros. & Company 6 per cent, on the investment-secured by first mortgage on one of the finest paper mills and over four million acres of the best pulp and timber land in America—~insured with Lloyds, of London, England, against fire—~offer a most attractive investment. The present net earnings of the Company are sufficient to pay the bond interest twice over. The growing demand for pulpwood is yearly increasing the value of the Company's properties. These bonds have been purchased by the best informed financiers in both Canada and England. At their present price they yield 6 per cent interest. Considering security, earnings, assets, and the likelihood of appreciation in value, Price Bros. & Company bonds constitute an exceptional investment
1912: Canada::~while in the Old Country will consult with the Imperial authorities on matters of interest and concern to . It
1912: Weekly Newspaper ôf thé~ Dominion of Canada, ill li national In all I ta
1912: CpidliHfiA ZlMAsUééà~	homestead in certain district#. Price Canada or Great Britain.
1912: Canada::~Mutual Life of .
1912: or Ocean Steamship Agency, •~3 Yonge St., Toronto, Canada.
1912: Illustrating four lines made by “~Empress" shoe-makers. There is beauty in every line and every detail is perfected by experts. Made in Canada. We are“Empress”agents.
1912: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa ;The Merchants Bank of .
1912: Tl*«~ new web equipment lies been j s*ueJ to some of the infantry corps ' n Canada, and will shortly be taken
1912: Pickering, distant some twenty-Uve %7wî~th^7: li'ttle MndlyteZ mu.5 from Toronto, can boast of a or these particular peers, inasmuch distinction that is unique in Canada is {hey do not seem to look for this —unique, in fact, in all the British	graceful, posture on the
1912: 5Ur Weekly»~ There are many people resentment at the fact that, as they do n Canada who hav never seen a lot, seemingly expect this attitude ord. Theft' are even many who have >f obeisance, it is impossible to disno desire to see one. But Pickering appoint them by withholding it. But las lately become the abode not mere- /et, one feels that Pickering—or a y of one lord, but of two, so favored portion of it—has another idea in its s it—two real, live lords, who have lead wi(h regard to it new arrival tome there not to "lord it” over, but &n idea, too, which argues well for iu fraternise with, the simple, small ts common sense, and which is by community. Two lords who have ex- io means impossible of fruition. In .'hanged the ermine for the overalls, «hese days, when coronets assert their ;b<j coronet for the wideawake ! One narket value by wedding heiresses to )f these—the elder—is a lord by court* Billions—“millionairesses, as we may isy merely. But he bears an historic >e permitted to call them—is it too
1912: Canada::~< 'entrai  Fair lacked large machinery displays, owing to the inadequate accommodation in the old building. The new edifice, costing $100,000 is a splendid struc ure, covering an acre and a quarter of ground. Agricultural implements and mechanical contrivances, of various descriptions, will be demonstrated
1912: Canada::~Throughout the length and breadth of  there is just now an awakening to the needs of better roads.
1912: Canada::~lociation plan to create and awaken Lh cry for good roads to such lent that the public all over  will rise and demand this boon. Every /ear, in an indifferent, halting way, with something of the beggar's plea î~or alms, the tax-payers of this county have petitioned for better roads ind for the improved highways. The intention is that in the future the economic necessity of good roads be *o strongly impressed on the powers-that-be that adequate grants will be made without cavil. And this is as it ihould be, for no country in the world is in greater need of good roads than Canada is to-day
1912: Canada::~Through the Hope Mountain district s perhaps the most difficult road that will ever be built in . The mm of $75,000 has been set aside for die work there this year, this being lupplemented by an equal amount fiven by the Canadian Pacific
1912: Canada::~Mutual Life of .
1912: Canada::~of . % It Is national In all Us ing
1912: A subscription Id Thé~ Rtandard costa $200 per year to any address in Canada or Great Britain.
1912: Canada:England:~ment-..secured by first mortgage on one of the finest paper million seres of the best pulp and timber land in America-insured with Lloyds, of London, EnyUnd. against fire-offer a most attractive investment. The present net earnings of the Company are sufficient to pay the bond interest twice ; The growing demand for pulp wood is yearly increasing the value of the Company's properties. These bonds have been purchased by the best Informed financiers in both  and . At their present price they yield 6 per cent interest. Considering security, earnings, assets, and the likelihood of
1912: !ur l}l° betterment of public roads •* Reminiscence»~, of a Sojourn at St. James*, Leslie b.v borrowing the sum of ten a Hudson Hay Post ' by Frank tr.ousaud dollars, to be devoted to Houghton, the opening iminber in mueadomizing certain main roads the July issue of Rod and bun in in that municipality, it is hoped Canada (W. J. Taylor, Limited, the ratepayers of Clarendon will. Publisher, Woodstock, Out ) condo likewise. There are several I tains an interesting comparison roads in the township, which the ! between the characters of the existing system ol statute labor is whitemau and the Indian, illus-luterly inadequate to keep in the tinted in the almost quixotie hou-condition they should be kept in. est y displayed by Clarendon is the most i»u|>ortant nung ” when temptation, in the municipality m the county, and guise of imminent starvation, siiouiii Iw» the leader in all matters might well have proved overpower-jH-rtauMUg to the advancement of ing. A profusely illustrated eham tfiis district. A rural district can ter of the |H>|>uIar continued have no greater boon than good article, The Culture of Black and roads.	iSilver Foxes'* is another feature
1912: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa lThe Merchants Bank of .
1912: Canada::~Dr. Fred Torrance of Winnipeg has been appointed Veterinary Director General of , vice Dr. Rutherford, resigned.
1912: of »~ 2 cent petal .entice between Canada | The uM	Licaiee. farmer, of the
1912: United States:Canada:~turere anticipated, both in the  and 
1912: Canada::~Since it* iutioducti n in , Parisian Sage h#8 b come a prime favorite with the women who desire luxuriant and radiant hair that will not fa'I out or turn gray. I wed daily as a dressing it will keep the scalp immacul .t ly clean ; wi 1 stop itch ng and falling hair and remove every Shawvi le D
1912: Canada::~Reduced Railway Rates over all  east of Port possibilities or "waterpower.v it is I Arthur, and from points in New York and Vermont. Ex-
1912: hi»~ thought it worth while to exploit tlm place as an attraction for Vie tourist, and so that much maligned mortal has had the chance of seeing the Falla of 8te. Anne under much the same conditions as the early explor-QUEBEC 18 CANADA'S HOME OF |ers saw them first three centuries
1912: Canada::~everywbeie in  people are be- bracing atm -l re v nine to anoreciate the immense I	M
1912: Canada::~TN those sections of  I where there is the greatest per capita wealth, Bonds form the largest item in the list of investments. Bonds arc considered the most desirable method of investment from standpoints of safety, income and convenience.
1912: Canada::~If the housekeepers of  will
1912: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa $The Merchants Bank of .
1912: Canada::~Over 90 Offices Throughout .
1912: Canada::~Wo have the same good reliable kind that we have sold for years. We have never had a dissatisfied customer. It is full strength. Proof quality, manufactured by the leading makers of , absolutely pure, and fully guaranteed.
1912: Canada::~Toronto,  ISt, 1812
1912: G;»pn.e u.t and look up Ruie«~ 2, 5, Reduced Kailway Itates over all Canada east of Port
1912: Canada::~University Street, comer St. Catherine *od#y beside that of Catherine Booth, Street, Montreal, , and \\ ashing wife, in Abney Park cemetery, amid ton, D. C., U. S. A.	I signs of deepest respect from men and
1912: Canada::~Weekly New.paper of the Dominion of . 1 II to national to all Ito
1912: Canada::~This monster locomotive is one of 20 being built by the ( Foundry Company for the f anadian Northern Railway, especially for the wheat belt and are the largest operating in the Dominion. The total length of the engine and tender is 05 feet. The large water tank, which occupies half of the tender, will carry 6,000 gallons of water, and this is sufficient to allow the engine to drag a train of wheat cars from the prairies to Fort William with but few stops. The big driving wheels are 63 inches in diameter.
1912: Canada::~panions in New York for a time, erage in . This is because 1,1 t,h€lr * and did no active work. It was in the majority of Canadian products Presses, with
1912: provinces, attests active ct>-opern: Collins drew a knife from his | conveyed to the home of hsr broth,: ^ Ko. 1 i ^^borbood worked tion by the leading industrial and put ket and rushed at his nnta- ; Joseph, thence to Norway B«y cem tery. I JJ*®~ Dy t e any from time to time, commercial interests throughout gonist. Grant called to his j The funeral service wan conduc ed by the 000 morning he was called away to be Canada. The unprecedented de- brother tor assistance, and in the. Rev. Mr. Dtwson of Quy.m. She wsi I®®* 811 aa*T* an” young wife, berna nd for admission tickets sold at melee that ensued he received <>G yean of age.—Com.	|	tlmM, locked herself In the bouse.
1912: Canada::~all jiarts of Central .	mercy, then the two men sepaiwt-! # H U V L M Iwl M I I U li • In her school history of Indian ont-
1912: Canada::~;The Merchants Bank of .;
1912: hu. conventions!, black costed, eu-	"I'm going away—~to Canada^	I It wa„ th, phrase he had	uaed I R;bullion in th. Kt.t« In the lut day.	,y'. to, Kd me”tlnV u the w5,7blî7u	pr-p»r.tl<>... to their neighbor. They
1912: Canada::~A boat was sailing from Liverpool to  on the following Marv could go back to her people in the North. She had sav-wigM of her own, and the furniture would fetch thirty or forty pounds. He would get a job on a farm, and, later, if she cared to join him, and he could afford it, he would send for her. A note would explain exervthing ; there should be no fuse, foolish, exhausting exhibitions of «•!' . .t i -n
1912: CANADA::~STEEL LOMPANV OF , LIMITED
1912: Canada::~The Mines Branch of the Government Department of Mines recently announced that its demonstration of th* commercial possibilities of peat as a fuel in  had been succès#* fully completed, and that henceforth the activities of the branch would be applied in another direction, probably the economic production and test-
1912: Canada::~The peat industry in  will now becormj a matter of private enterprise. There are two big plants under construction, one at Alfred, Ont., and another at Farnham, Que., which are expected to supply Ottawa and Mont, real and possibly other cities with cheap fuel. Their capacity is about SOjoOO tons per year.
1912: Canada:Canada:~Announcement has lately been made of the seventh international dir farming congress, which is to be held at Lethbridge, Alberta,  Oct. 2126 next. This movement had a small beginning several years ago. In the coming congress representatives are expected from every nation in which dry farming is practiced, aqd this refers particularly to western  and the dozen or more western sta'- 4
1912: Canada::~"Hanoi # Anti Diabetes druggists or direct. The Hanoi Manuf luring Company of , Limited, Winnipeg. Man.
1912: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of  j
1912: Canada::~Payable at par at any Chartered Bank in  (Yukon excepted).
1912: spokc.se always, graceful'y and accept#b- jg smart.”~ ly, dwelling specially on the growth of national spirit to Canada, bat poln.lng] out that this growth was not resulting footsteps T” in any weaken « ng of the Imperial bond, but rather the reverse.
1912: Canada::~Weekly Newspaper of the Dominion of .
1912: Because lier soul ig wholly free, a'keJ his pleasure concernai ' the ns°~ or more- Since the government ( iina.ia' Canada! Young-eyed ,,a™{	boats began patrolling the river and
1912: Because «>ur isle is little and old, cee«ie<l, leaning over the counter in i heard of the makeshift little lightships —~Canada ! Canada ! — strong young confidential maimer, "I haven't been that their puzzled predecessors were (an i.ia	^	L ; l right tor quite a while, wont to launch amid tbe darkness and
1912: CANADA::~THE HEART OF .
1912: Because her heart is all her —CanadaÎ~ Canada Canada !—
1912: Because thy Fleet is hers for —~Canada ? Canada Canada !—
1912: —~Thine the Canada !-—
1912: Canada::~And First Clans.	And- will be there!
1912: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa ;The Merchants Bank of .
1912: Canada::~transcontinental highway across fever. He tells the story : central  opens another hinterland for the tourist. It makes
1912: Canada::~50c. a box. 6 for (2.50. Sample free If you write National Drug Co. of , Limited, T
1912: Canada::~the best known stock breeders in  ;18 now	re»<l	be adopted with the excep-	hence arose the proverb,	“Servos ad	death in Montreal, a record number
1912: held the h'ghest sod mast importsnt sum of *25 for the same, at the time of cttices ; he is thoroughly familiar with | signing the deed.—~Carried, the live stock interests of Canada, and | A delegation from Starks Corners re
1912: Canada::~Ins her, asking eager questions.	going to  Of course. I don t	"Leave us alone,' he said	"Let	Warning district, where there are	pour over this unsweetened choco-
1912: Canada::~Come and see 's Best in Live Stock at the
1912: Canada::~consignment of Trunks, Suit Cases and Bags from one of the leading houses in , to be sold at right prices.
1913: Canada::~The Bank of Ottatoi $The Merchants Bank of .
1913: Canada::~Over 90 Offices Throughout .'
1913: Balanç~as duo from other Bonks In Canada.........................
1913: Canada::~Call and Short Loans on Stocks and Bonds In ..,
1913: Canada::~anoe of fertility, the onaervation of Caldwell, Lyall Hodgina, Jeaaie Calda, I, 's Herring Supply Seems Dee. moisture, the rotation of crops, the Ethel Swain. Reilly Hodgins.	tlned to L,u Forever
1913: Canada::~Largest Poultry Special Prize List of any Show in .
1913: Canada::~That  herself ie, in a great measure, to blame for an unruiineae among Italians in this country, and
1913: Canada::~raizo, Italian Consul-General to , recently.
1913: Canada:Italy:~Once in , the Italian often starts La to follow this plan mentioned. He has been bottled up all his life by the authorities in his own country, and when he once finds himself a freer man, though by no means as free as the information folders that he read back in  would imply, he goes so far as to abuse the privileges as are granted him in our country. He can hardly be blamed for this, however, under the prevailing conditions.
1913: Canada::~Wo, N. Y , and Kingston, , men and even female animals are ; monastery, their architecture is a	e|Be ±tpi thein hidden
1913: I W«~T* in Canada, he left the old land • They gently stum in 1836 with his large family of eight
1913: Canada::~MiinroA McIntosh, aLo  Carriage Co., and Tudhcqie cutters and sleigh
1913: Canada::~The Merchants Bank of .? THE HARDWARE STORE
1913: Canada::~Company of . Limited.
1913: Canada::~lis*t Work In .
1913: Canada::~fried to screen the Prince from the snd Kingston, .	„	, *	.	.	. poison# the blood and the whole
1913: cent of the ministers of the church and a friend# in North Clarendon fur the past l>ectcd that there would be extraordi few laymen. This year it is proposed to wet,£~ bring together in the city of Toronto every Presbyterian minister in Canada from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Every Presbytery from Nova Scotia to British Columbia will be transported in its entirety to Toronto, and the members wi 1 meet in that city. The minister of every vity church, of every rural church, and every h< me missionary in the service of the denomination will make the journey.
1913: Canada::~ery minister in  will accompany |	THORNBY.
1913: Canada::~In 11*12 about 14 Dairy Record Centres were in operation iu . The re c cidera in charge of these centres teat the samples of milk provided by the farmers once s month.
1913: Canada::~THE STANDARD la the National Weekly Newspaper of the IkJL.lnloa of .
1913: Canada::~and storekeeper# sell Dr. Hamilton s Pills, 25c. per box, ft for *1.00, or by mail from the Catarrhoeone Co , Buffalo, N. T . and Kingston, .
1913: Canada::~The wonderful era of prosperity that is now being enjoyed in  is exemplified by the report of thè “BALADA" Tea Co., wh»cn states that, during the year just ended, there were 1,823,437 pounds re
1913: Canada::~for .
1913: Canada:United States:~The total amount of wheat im ported into the United Kingdom during 1912 was 109,682,539 cuts.  sent 21,561,100 cwts , 19,073.994 cuts. ; Argentine, 18,783,Too cwt*. ; British Last Indies 25,379.400 cwt*. ( ana da’s figures of 21 % millions of wheat sent to the United Kingdom are the second largest among the wheat imports. In 1911 she sent 11 millions and in 1910 16 millions. The value of last year s Canadian wheat supply was £8.844.953.
1913: usa:Canada:~Fifty-three thond loads of hewn wood arrived from .
1913: Canada::~On the other dde of the aceount : The United Kingdom sent 1,660.266 gallons of spirits to , being only exceeded by 2,406,388 gallons to Australia.
1913: Canada::~Other United Kingdom exports to  include :
1913: Canada::~married at Ottawa about forty years attended by Lord and Lady Hardings, ago Vj Mr. Harold Arthur Lee-Dillon, of Penaburst, and by many other of the Rifle Brigade, one of the many prominent persons. The bride it said young officers who married Canad.an to be charming and accomplished, m girls in the days when the regular well a<* good looking, and apparently troops were stationed in . He there are exceptions to the rule that was the eldest son of the late Via- East and West do not meet, count Dillon, and succeeded his fath-	---------------
1913: Canada::~;The Merchants Bank of . $ I THE HARDWARE STORE
1913: Canada::~Payable at par at any Chartered Bank in  (Yukon excepted^.
1913: niands of new natrons, it seems Gf tobacco and the best ways of ’~i,"bushel, cash. Jos. Kiloocb, likely that the plant wi I be dupli- treating the crop in Canada.	Agnes Blyth, of Mon- Farm. Sh.wTllle.Que.
1913: : vctioii to recall the basis of the Government s propose ions. This is found in the despatch of the Sécré~tai y of State for the Colonies to the Governor General transmitting a copy of the memorandum prepared by the Admiralty relating to the requirements of the naval defence of the Empire. This memorandum, it ie me" out, was prepared on instruction of the Government of the United Kingdom with a view to presentation to the Parliament of Canada. The argument of the memorandum leads up to the following clause :
1913: Canada::~The Prime Minister of the Dominion having enquired in what form any immediate aid that  might give would be most effective, we have no hesitation In answering, after a prolonged considéra lion of all the circumstances that it is desirable that such aid should include the provision of a certain number of the largest and strongest ships of war which science can build or money supply.”
1913: Canada:Canada:~The Government of Mr. Borden proposes that  shall give the immediate aid which the authorities of the Admiralty say will be most effective in the general interest of tbe Empire, which ie the general interest of . The ' imposition led by Sir Wilfrid Laurier, through many of its foremost men in Parliament, is saying that neither what the Admiralty approves, nor anything else, should be done till there is a general election to decide if anything be done.	well that
1913: Canada::~$The Merchants Bank of .# THE HARDWARE STORE
1913: CANADA::~05 OFFICES THROUGHOUT .
1913: Canada::~a pint of water. Bring these tv the	 thirteen year, ago in oonse- of 7,000 and there are about 2,500 gotten it. fascination and romance	, .. bj , j^e still has
1913: Canada::~to , and the subsequent con- . 8	,	*.i°r * K‘ c<mr*e 4 instrue dnune ; and, that accomplished, he Bavarian beer. Ho sit* for hours
1913: Canada::~allowed to appromefi the sacred wa Additional facilities for handling 	WvSlUd iuhon*. Mem.h.i |
1913: Canada::~Doc tor of Medicine and Master of Surgery I ;fu in his unceasing efforts to have McGill University.	the foundations of  well and
1913: The cure is still the chief man of the island ; the Sé~minaire de Quebec has owned the seigniory since 1687 ; the ecclesiastical power has probably enjoyed a longer unbroken reign here than in any other part of America, and, granting the right or expedience of church]y rule at all, it cannot be said to have been abused in its little principality of Isle-aux-Coudres. The first cross in Canada was set up here in 1535, a year before the one commemorated at the Tercentenary of Quebec. And Mass was said here, at intervals, by ships' chaplains, from
1913: CANADA::~NATIONAL DRUG AND CHEMICAL CO. OF , LIMITED.
1913: Canada::~Why take chances In buying a pair tf gloves when you can get a peas live guarantee Lacked by 's largest glove factory In the
1913: tarrboa«~me Oo , Buffalo. N. Y , and King etoa, Canada.
1913: à 1 all el ON En HlD.Nfc.ir aNU HLAD» IjT der Atone# Kidney trouble. Gravel. Lumbago and kindred ailment# positively rured with the new German Remedy. Banni " price $1 SO Another new remedy for Dlabete# Mellltue, and aura en re. W Hanoi a Anti Dlabete#" Price $2 00 from druggist# or direct- The Band Manafse»~ taring Como any of Canada. Limite#,
1913: Canada::~Via Chicago and North W estera Railway On sale dally, March 16th to April 16tb inclusive. from all point# in  to Lob Angeles, Han Francteoo. Portland. Salt #..i Lake City. Heattle. Victoria, Vancouver. ,UI Nelson, Rowland. and many other pointe Through tourist sleeper» and free reohn Ing chair care from Chicago. Variable route#. Liberal atop overs For full information as to rates, route# and literature, write or call on B. H. Bennett, General Agent, 46 Tonga Street, Toronto.
1913: The Bank of Ottawa, î~The Merchants Bank of Canada. 1 THE HARDWARE STORE
1913: Canada:England:~Kir lienry believe* in doing things in a big way when hie enthusiasm Is aroused The Queen's Own Regiment, eaui to be # crank corps, has always had Kir Henry a enthusiasm. He has served in it himself throughout almost hie entire lifetime and in all ranks from private to colonel. The Jaunts lie took the regiment on are matters of history, first sending the bugle band to  and afterwards arranging the transportation of the entire regiment to take part in the manoeuvres at Aldershot llis present gift of drill grounds Is estimated In
1913: Canada::~day. While there warn no doubt of surroundings he came to learn of	by members of 's Parlia- f	I 1 I I /W1 J tea leaves moistened with vinegar,
1913: Canada::~t loyeee of the Government Printing Bu- appear m nnlit iry uniform in  Treasurer of Alberta, while the de- ,	n „	,	— » .
1913: Canada::~were coerced into doing election work I	Millions for 	| vie ted and sentenced to terms in the
1913: Canada::~the capital city of . Sir Richard, newspapers are indulging in dime novel	that one of the	parties to a horse
1913: ‘ v iolAti°~n of the OWf 1	70U '* xo doubt It will seem to you as rode ber face In her bauds.	Johnson, Canada's Indian poetess,
1913: Canada::~Why take chances In buying a pair of gloves when you can get a positive guarantee backed by 's largest glove factory In the
1913: With Catarrhoaone experimenting end a A permanent curative action begins. Lasting relief from Catarrh ré~sulta. The large alee costs |1 00. last two months and I# guaranteed Small else 50c. j sample sise 26c. All storekeepers and druggist#, or The Catarrhoaone Co., Buffalo. N. Y , and Kingston, Canada. ^
1913: Canada::~The Bank of Ottawa s'The Merchants Bank of  j I THE HARDWARE STORE
1913: This point illustrate a groat difference between a Canadian political meeting and one held in Britain. In the old country every speaker, no matter what his rank or standing, from the Prime Minister down, must expert to put up with heck j ling In fact they expect It and many of the moat successful speakers thrive on It, The heckling is generally to the point, but to an unexperienced ‘~speaker It muet be disconcerting. However, in England he ham to get used to U. But In Canada the audience Itself will not stand it in the apparent belief that it seems to reflect on its own loyalty to tha epe iker.	I
1913: Canada:Russia:~The other feature was the fact that the Premier e headquarter# for a portion of hie etay waa made at the Royal suite at the Queen's Hotel, Including the famous red parlor. This famous room la situated on the first floor overlooking Front St. and the garden. It ban undergone no alteration* In the last forty years. The | gilded Royal coat-of arms on the outer door proclaims with pride the rank of some former occupant# of the suite, Including the late King Edward on his visit to  as Prince of Wales, the Grand Duke Alexis of , Princess Loulso and the Marquis of Lome. On the walls hang portraits and signed photographs of some of the former notable occupants. Including side by aide those of Blr John Macdonald and 8tr Wilfred Laurier, and among others those of the Countess of Aberdeen, Madame Patti, Madame Al- | ban! and the Countess of Derby. The staircase leading from the Royal suite to the ground floor was built specially for tbs princess Louise in order that she might enter the dining room unobserved.
1913: Canada::~Director Provincial Bank of  _
1913: Canada::~Ones a year the Empire Loyalist Association of Toronto gathers together for a luncheon party. The occasion is always an exceedingly pleasant one. with ladies generally in the majority. Membership in the Association is confined to Lboee who can trace descent from the original Loyalist* who migrated to  during and following the war of American Independence. At the luncheon this year one of the guests waa Ilia Lordship the Bishon of Toronto, who bemoaned the fact that while he was as loyal, he thought, as it was pomible for anyone to be. he was not able to trace hie ancestry to a U. E. Loyalist source and was therefore deprived from the poo-
1913: Canada::~ftnboer ! 11 long may be paid to any Bank for the Credit of the Company a Account with the Royal of , Montreal, or Ballad direct to the Company who will be glad to furnish further particulars.
1913: Tl.ii is the situation which the O »vertt* nirnt finds itself confronted with. It is the situation which Premier Borden challenged in hie rec^n» great speech in the city of Toronto, when lie dicta red that “ ilie Seriate had never been, n«~>w and never will be eh ve the peuple of Canada,' an) it 11 the c mdttion of • trsirs wit ch signs arc not wan ing he is prepared to grapple and d»al with now.
1913: Canada::~LiDtrals would give no assurance that er band, tbe class of plants to be gen-ite passage would not be obstructed. erally grown Is suited to a loose, Not content with holding  up ®an(*J soil and It seems desirable to
1913: Canada::~l Hyelop, I Transcendent, I Yellow 81 beIng It possible to grow them much RareripeJEarly CrawforJ Blberta, itiohi closer together. Pruning and training Alexander,  Early, 2 each; i Lew-used In combination have shown the ÏÎ 1 Crawford, 2 Stephens
1913: Canada::~members, for a privileged position for the Anglican Church in  such
1913: Canada::~M Aa^ma,^	taciturn old-timers still alive who re- Uon ^ native tongue.	| The Government of  issued , signature, the nature of the occupation.
1913: Canada::~H	Among the names which history has oentiy for the position *of under keeper on his arrival in , have in his [he Minister of Public Work» annal to
1913: Canada::~Cattle raising in almost all pirti of  are familiar with the small lumps that appear on the hacks of their animals during the winter month» and from which white grubs or maggots emerge at a later date. Many theories exist as to the exact life history of the insect, known as the Warble Fiy, of which the white grub is the larva. The opinion generally held that the eggs are laid on the backs of the cattle, and when hatched wotk their way beneath the skin, is proved by careful investigation to be ineorrec*. Dr. Seymour Hadwin, 1st Assistant Pathol o gis\ of the Heal h of Animals Branch of the Dominion Department of Agr who has studied the subject, clai the eggs are not laid on the back but on the legs of the cattle. This appears to bear out the theory that the newly hatched insects are licked by the animals and thus taken into the system and ulti-ma‘e1y tend their wsy to the backs where they develop beneath the skin.
1913: Canada::~The College Announcement is certainly a most interesting document to all concerned in edocati n and rural progress in the Province of Quebec sod in K.stern  generally. Copies may be had free of charge, upon application to the R»g:a*rar, Macdonald
1913: Canada::~in , it helpfully illustre!ed. Optes w 111 be mailed >
1913: Canada::~f The Merchants Bank of  J THE HARDWARE STORE
1913: Canada::~of . He was the 'Coeur d ?
1913: Princeton. B.C., February 17 (Special).—~All over Canada people telling of the great work Dodd's Kidney Pills are doing, and even in the Rocky Mountain fa*t-
1913: CANADA::~MANUFACTURERS, OTTAWA, .' J USI KGCGlVGCl # .
1913: Canada::~clear up and rrgu- nual trade of , one-half cornea JN 0 W oDriDfif ücltS Ut® the unnu *nd and goes over the two great oceans.	s	0
1913: Canada::~Of .
1913: Canada::~vf  one person in ten	,
1913: of a man’~s arteries hardening or his i Canada's national	PH
1913: Canada:England:~Wh#a Lord Haldane come# to  ou Monday, the first of September, ft will he the first occasion since the day# of Henry the Eighth that a Lord Chancellor of  ha# gone outeide the British Isles on a public mission The Lord Chun-eel lor ie the custodian of the great seal, this
1913: Canada::~fortnight. Hie stay in  will laei about two and a half days, during which
1913: Canada::~capita lint a are pouring  for the employment
1913: Canada:United States:~How little the American market real y means to  from the standpoint of the w heat grower is shown in the  crop reports for this year indicate that the wheat yield will again be over 700,000,OK) bushels, or close to
1913: Canada::~adian export wheat. The United S atis If the natural formation of the land extension of at least one foot in length is a 4rest lival of  as a * best does not afford such prompt drainage 1 *ie ,rvc should be stimulated by ma-
1913: Canada::~exporting nation  were told that the niaiket
1913: United States:Canada:~the  was actually exporting wheat to .
1913: Canada::~A total of fifteen hundred rural mail route* is now in operation in .
1913: Canada::~Fred Simpson, a farm hand w ho had been only a week in , burned to death oil duly • M,
1913: CANADA::~McFARLANE-DOUGLAS CO., LIMITED, MANUFACTURERS, OTTAWA, .
1913: Canada::~Of .
1913: CANADA::~06 OFFICES THROUGHOUT ,
1913: Canada:United States:~promptly made in any part of , the  or abroad..
1913: Canada::~Price 12.00 from The Hanoi Manufao , Limited,
1913: Canada::~it is stated that  is threatened with an invasion of a large number of Hindoos, who have discovered a way if entering the country free that British Columbia w ill shortly have a un* Hem on its hands th.it will be a source of much worry for the F.nglish-spcakiog residents.
1913: Canada::~year, feuding July .'list,  exported $1<I,0'» 1,000 of manufactured goods, compared with $12,659, OUU for the cor resit Hiding period of 11*12. The expo its of fish are also rap dly increasing. For the first four mouths of the present fiscal
1913: Canada::~large increases in volume of export. < >; minerals  exported $17,180,000, and of products of the forest $14 171,000. These figures are much in excess of the exports fur 1012 for the same period.
1913: Canada::~Irishmen Coming to  to
1913: Canada::~Nothing Wrong With .
1913: Canada::~cheapest to the best.	Made to Measure Firms in  today.
1913: CANADA::~McFARLANE-DOUGLAS CO., LIMITED, MANUFACTURERS, OTTAWA, .
1913: Canada::~Of .
1913: The sum of H.64H) has been paid fofj an Irish terrier bred by Mr. W Darker. of Jones’~s road. Dublin, by Mr I R Northcote, who Is taking the anti mal to Canada.
1913: Official announcement was made on Saturday by lion. George E Foster, minister of trade and commerce, that arrangements have been completed w ith the ltoysl Mail St «~am packet Company for a fast steamship service between the British West Indies and Halifax and St. John, commencing with Nov. 1 a'so announced that negotiations have terminated with the cable companies by which the rate between Canada and the British West Indies will be cut in two.
1913: Canada::~The London Datly Sketch says it can confirm on very high authority statements made lately that Prince Arthur of Connaught will ultimately succeed his father as Governor-General of . This ia one of the reasons for his marriage being hurried forward, since it was made a condition, when the appointment was first vtiered him, that he must be married before he took it over.”
1913: Canada::~fn  and his temporary retirement ^iî!S^.5SS^TtS^
1913: Canada::~The total Immigration to  during the Aral four months of the current fiscal year, April to July, was 260,906, made up of 99,101 British. 54.040 American and 97,765 from all
1913: Local Agent of Dominion Lands (not sub- g^iâ~nd that is linked with the agent) on certain condition*	career of one of Canada's greatest
1913: ’/«V u> trr	”15? ll sr-m-,1 l,„~. a .,t whrn I	MrtONAL et.ua *no ch,m<al ce. or canada,	.24
1913: Canada::~Via Chk ago and North Western flail-On sale daily Kept 2Stb to Del. irwliieite. from all points in  to Lo* Angrier. San Francis***». Portland, Salt Lake City
1913: Canada::~The Hanoi Mamtia* .	Lion* M.
1913: Canada::~Made to Measure Firms in  today.
1913: Canada::~and 115 years ; as to its exactness As announced early in the sea- ht* himself was not certain : but son, the Dominion Live Stock there are those living who recol-Hranch ha* this year undertaken lect having seen him as far back a distribution of pure bred male as 18MU, when he appeared to be a animals throughout  on a man past the prime of life. Lavine somewhat extensive scale. In in- was part Indian, and won the ap-augurating this policy the aim lias yiellation of “doctor" from long been to aid sections where pure practice in disyiensing Natures bred sires were lacking and to en- remedies -herbs, roote, barks and courage new communities in fol- berries.	|
1913: CANADA::~shawviujc . Qvk.	MANUFACTURERS, OTTAWA, .
1913: Canada::~Of .
1913: Canada::~a letter from the  Cement	w ss	staff of this paper, enjoyed a
1913: Canada:Canada:~last mght to -uhunt a by -law Foi (Rev.) .Mrs. Conlov entertained nurse, late of St. Luke's hospital, one million dollars oil January Nt t||e members of the Ladies' Aid to New York, has been the guest of for concrete roads. I hi" i^ pro tea, at the eonclusion ot the meet- Mrs. A. Hodgins in town tor some bably one of the biggest appro- ingoli Wednesday evening last. pnaDops ever considered in , and will undoubtedly, be an Mrs. H. Millar went to Ottawa example which many other on Thursday with her little counties will follow  is daughter to have an operation wakening up to the tact that she performed for a case of ap|K*ndi needs good roads.	citis.
1913: Canada::~White Fleecy, all wool, Arctic Blankets $5.50 Our special value Blanket, , well made, 60 x 80 size at Our union Blanket, splendid value at $3.25 Two lines of Grey Blankets, serviceable goods
1913: Canada::~Is recognised throughout Central  a* “~Ottawa's Greatest School of Business, Shorthand and Civil Service Candidates are prepared for the Examina lions of the Civil Service and the Bus! new* Educators' Association of Canada.
1913: Canada::~five for $1.00, at all druggists and storekeepers, or postpaid from the Catarrhozone Co., Buffalo, NY, and Kingston, .
1913: Canada::~trying, but it is Mr. Bennett s point trial else, 26c., all dealers, or The Ca-that you can, and he has a way of tarrhosone Co , Buffalo, N Y, and being right.	| Kingston, .
1913: invitation of sé~nat liil	de-	jrldge in Canada and cost M50.000.	gav that he reminded them of Abra-	The budding attorney almost offered
1913: Canada::~The Standard Lye of . Has many Imitations but no equal
1913: Canada::~zone Co , Buffalo, NY, and Kingston, .
1913: CANADA::~McFARLANE-DOUGLAS CO., LIMITED, MANUFACTURERS. OTTAWA, .
1913: Canada::~Of .
1913: Canada::~A very interesting meeting was the mails in . I nder the Nov. 27th, to Mr. and Mrs. J. A held at Starks Corners, Thursday, iwix-el post system, which is ex- Dean, a son.
1913: Canada::~stuffed up feeling In my nostrils" sr>out lt privately to you, but if ed!y be better for the sturdy ma i *'*'* been propos'd for getting over the writes Rob K Rutland, of Regina. "It *iven half a chance he will accept hood of  if this be so. In	g^LmLt^Tm^ oMiTreu"
1913: Canada::~aciouaneea of a woman on small | Buffalo, N.Y., and Kingston, ! means that she appears badly dressed at social gatherings- these things have a distinctly disorganiz WOMEN BETWEEN 40 AND 50ling effect upon the nervous system.
1913: CANADA::~NATIONAL HI* AN# C1EMKAL CO, OF  LIMITED.
1913: Canada:United States:~wan legislature have put through a resolution demanding that the Parliament vf  remove the duty at present impostd vu wheat and flour in order that Canadian wheat and flour may be exported to the  duty free.
1913: Canada::~Capt. Bellairs. formerly of The London Times, who Is now traveling " | in Western , told a good story at the Rideau Club the other day about Sir George Reid, the High Commissioner for Australia In Lon-IX ... u ,,uq „	.	I don. Reid, when In active politics
1913: Canada::~would do in  as the Democrat# I No. 14 Sjhool — 8 cords hardwood, 2
1913: Canada::~1 j ronto  • Popular Comme* riel School. Magnificent Catalogue fr
1913: CANADA::~MANUFACTURERS, OTTAWA, .
1914: Canada::~Of .
1914: Is recognised throughout Central Can ada as '* Ottawa’s Creatast School of Beninese, Shorthand and Civil Service Candidates are prepared for the Kxa ml nations of the Civil Service and the Bust n Educators’~ Association of Canada. The school Is open all summer. Enter
1914: Canada::~Telia of a Formidable Battle With 's Debt to Him Caanot Be N#w Lh|# H Sherte„ Atlantia Psssass.
1914: «look ap my course of treatment and whistled loudly, and I saw	»•~ v . l j amused himself, ho	Wenders #f the wireless.	lie worker#. Canada, perhaps, hse so far doctors	I ¦	¦
1914: Canada::~Oepeetta by ether Banks In  ...................
1914: Canada::~then In  ...................................
1914: Canada::~Cell end Short Leans In , an Bonds, Debentures
1914: Canada::~BHeiNEftS COLLROR. TO  # Popular Comme» rial H<hool. Maenlfloent Oetaîorne free,
1914: Canada::~The weights and measures regulations of the Department of Inland Revenue have Wen amended to provide that no spring scale of the dead load type, or of the combined lever and spring-scale type, except such as are constructed on the correct knife edge principle and approved by the Department shall be manufactured in or imported into . Such scale* must not be sold, offered for sale, or kept in stock after sixty days from the date of the new order. Scales of the type described where now in use may continue to be used subject to departmental inspection.
1914: Canada::~But his great accomplishment will be parcels' post. For years there has been so agitition in  fer a parcels post.
1914: Pelletier for to introduce a measure last Ee«~siory*efh" irizlng him to establish such a syftem. He has been working on it all summer and fall and now the system is about to be inaugurated and Canada will secure a reform which has been urged for
1914: Canada::~Moreover, there are advances as well as retreats in the Alaskan glaciers, and 's newly-gained bar-
1914: Canada::~If the international boundary had fuvTbeen fixed a century ago,  would have made up for Its lose of territory near Mount St. Ellas by the W. j. JACKSON, Secy, addition to British Columbia of a part
1914: Canada::~article on	" The American Lang-	decided that  should have no	vanced two miles, probably In 1907.
1914: ». .«h to Viprrw our thank» to th. tereet. Ought It to he redetermlaod .tiff rent p.rue. wh w.r. *» kind to or aB(J baaod oa the new coeat-lleeT »r »~nd our children a' t'buvnuv. including g^all Canada enjoy her new harbors fli-nd. .t Nmth B«y We ,„h them el with the poealblllty of transit tbroogb a very happy new y.w	u. 8 territory to the Par 16c?
1914: Japan::ese W »~. jeu In Canada.
1914: Canada:Canada:~The temigration of Japanese into Canada Is Increasing and the feature of the Increase is the number of Japanese women who are settling i In Canada. I.ast year 724 Japanese entered . They Included 262 males, 424 females and 48 t hildr< * During the first Ux months of tie present fiscal year 571 entered , Including 236 males, 269 females and 47 children.
1914: Canada::~< Mcl Chief Nassau of Admiralty j Fvr fn Inlet*' decorates the cover of the January Issue of Rod and Gun in , published by W. J. j Taylor, Ltd., Woodstock, Ont. I The leading article. 44 Expedition into the Arctic Region*, is deacrip-tivc of a trip to Bafiin * Bay by a
1914: Canada::~Of .
1914: Canada::~The forest fire lows on Dominion Forest Reserves in Western  was smaller during the last season than ever before. On several of the reserves in Manitoba and Haskat-chew an fire occasioned ns damage whatever, and on the Dominion reserves in the Hail way Belt, B.O., the only green timber injured by fire was four acres of young lodge-polo pine. Even on the Rocky Mountains reserve in Alberta, with the immense area of 13,373, RM
1914: canada::~No Waste I Hamilton,  I
1914: Canada::~mean that  will not be represented at the Bialey shoot this year. The chief reason i% Canadian marksmen use the
1914: Canada::~I .lited Stiles, was the guest of honor of the Ottawa Canadian Club at their luncheon at the Chateau Laurier laat Saturday afternoon, and waa accorded a moat hearty welcome. The ex-president's speech on the occasion dealt with topics vrai to  and the United State»
1914: Canada::~into. A bill known as the Montreal Tramways bill was of a nature believed to be inimical to the public interest, and was therefore set down as worth watching ; but this bill never materialized, and so a fake bill was evolved the alleged object of which was to incorporate 11 The Montreal Fair Association of ."
1914: A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest a eolation uf any setentlôe journal Tip ¦~ Canada. ALTS a year, puetage prepaid. Sold hi
1914: Canada::~his foresight, that ho built up an ]n this disorder certain parts o# immense fortune of many millions the brain are affected, and aU by his ability to see clearly what though there are many types ol other men saw dimly or not at all. epileptics, some of whom are un4 But  was chiefly the gainer, usually clever, and others inordixpj
1914: Canada:Canada:~From 1896 to the present, a period of eighteen years, he did honor to  in the post, and despite his advanced years, showed no sign of losing the keen edge of those faculties which made him great. Physically, however, he had been gradually declining of late years, and the recent death of his wife, whom he married in his early pioneer days in the west, and to whom he was devotedly attached, undoubtedly hastened his end. Lady Stratheona was the daughter of Richard Hardisty, one of tho early traders of Western , and though much fonder of home than public life, was generally beloved, having been a true helpmate in the The Rev. Father Jerome S. Richard, a member of the faculty of the widespread philanthropies of Lord l niversity of Santa ( lnrn,ha^atartlej^th^scientific world with a Stratheona. One daughter, Mar-
1914: Canada::~en ib.vt the eggs may not run into Work all into a light batter with a Archieston in 1820, his parents be-  had become united and	Numerous Benefactions.	&
1914: Canada::~Newspaper* will not be paid for this then descended to the lobby, where , advertisement if they insert It without the temperature was a little authority from the Department.
1914: Canada::~Of .
1914: Canada::~Payable at par at any Chartered Bank in  (Yukon excepted).
1914: At the home of the bride’s uar-1 Is recognized throughout Central Can-1 typists headed the list of successful eilts. Fox warren, Man.. Mr. Alex, ada as " Ottawa \ Greatest School of candidate»~ for the whole of Canada, Hay, htntion -ngent at Fox- *»>]!''*'¦ Shorthand and Civil Serrke "	ll- llrst' second- au<l lourlh
1914: Canada::~residents of , the tuition for the course is 125.00 ¦ particulars will lx* sent on anplica tion to Macdonald College, r. Q.
1914: Canada::~The bridegroom h gift to the bride	ueains.	Eastern  and unsurpassed in
1914: Canada::~condition of the ice. The official His address was given in the I to rob toilers anywhere in  score was 7-'i in favor of the Methodist Church Lecture Hall, of their right to the Lord's Day as
1914: Canada::~In an aggravated form, the prob- 1Ijd rear lhe,r Joung In the tundras of lem of the husband In  who Is Alaska would seem to many an ex unwilling or unable to support hie traordlonry proceeding, yet the turn-wife and family in Great Britain, Is ,tone flnd the black bellied plover and being experienced this year. Board» the Pacific golden plover make the of guardians In many parts of the 'ong Journey of about 4,000 miles thlth-country have to grant relief to main- *r annually, tain those	and there
1914: Canada::~Thompson's career is interesting, because of the element of adventure clever vaudeville man, to begin that runs throughout, but still more With, mast have a good act, and If be interesting, because It accomplished be unknown ho must know how to talk so much towards giving to Eastern bis act to the managers. If he em-  accurate and comparatively ploys an agent he is at a disadvantage, full information respecting the vast because these persons work for the region which extends from the foot-management of the theaters. Furthermore, the vaudeville man must remember that he comes out on to the stage with nothing behind him, practically no properties, no chorus girls to divert attention. The eyes of the people are centered on him. He most do it all. It Is by far the most difficult bustn the world to succeed at, uni very talented.—George II. Cohan, In the New York Sun.
1914: (K»~rn in Lanark, Scotland, in March, 1822 and came to Canada with his parents, grand parents and the reel of the fami'y hills, westward, to the shores of the n 1827-in a l 17 persons. Of this num-Pacific, and particularly of the rich her, Mr. U. Cuthbertson, ar., of Bristol, mineral and agricultural country j a one survives.
1914: canada::~No Waste I Hamilton,  I
1914: Canada::~.rket gnrdetiers in , msay of them cuetamecafor I (•ntmtloai, and id«? for three, buy nntc#'i acedt, becwux. ever afore tbl# bust eetxbttshed by us Sixiv/amr wan ay*’, they found they could rely
1914: Hmall payment, water. Wtndmill. Htahle. Houne. Oranar> 1e«. Bummer fallow Market live ml’~.*, Miool on farm. Write owner, 625 Wilton Avenue. Toronto. Canada.
1914: Canada::~J by signais and watchmen, and over by medicine dealers or by mail at is very nice of him; but surely vou Try Murine F ye Remedy	- out , end the state» and wa»*t man-
1914: Canada::~Of .
1914: CANADA::~OVER 96 OFFICES THROUGHOUT .
1914: Canada::~ad a a< ,e Ottawa's	Greatest School of	candidates for the whole of ,
1914: Canada::~Candidat*, are prepared lor the Examina 1 wYattrlbute thl. success to modern lions of the Civil Service and the Bust- methods, tirst-class equipment, and a L. Hi ruin iV* big discount sale new Educators* Association of . strong sUff of teachers who know what will	commence	next	Monday -,	.	..	„ v .	to teach, all having been practical	steno-
1914: CANADA::~NATIONAL DRTTO AND CHEMICAL CO. OF , LIMITFD.
1914: GIN PILLS are sold on a positive guarantee of money refunded if they fail to give relief. $oc. a box—6 for #2 50. Sample free if you write National Dru£~ and Chemical Co. of Canada, Limited, Toronto.
1914: Canada:usa:~today Referring to , the speaker said that the increase of the biith rate in I warts on Sunday Ontario to 2f> per thond had been |
1914: Canada::~Of .
1914: On the Civil Service Examinations for November, lUlil. our stenographer* and typUts headed the Hat of successful I* recognized throughout Central Can- candidate»~ for the whole of Canada,
1914: Canada::~tlemen, n >w in , contens and justice induced him to un<ler- In constructing the road it was ment of the interior and the dcvel-j makes a large loaf. Frost plating a fpecial trip to the old 1 take it	neceooary to erect 65 steel bridgea, opinent 0f the deep-sea fisheries
1914: Canada::~Montreal, .
1914: Canada::~,taper ii net at all satisfied with the Co., of , Limited, 1 . veent reduction in the implement duties,
1914: Canada::~uf  from 1878 to 1883, and during Menace, holding its present character, of the Canadian Northern to an enormous They ProduCe p atee T at Cou d Not hit term of office here mado himself very hie a long existence. The good sense of amount. British Columbia has guarau- *• Mad# my tha Old Praoaaa
1914: Canada::~to carry on	in 	an agitation begun It would	have been a grave business	elementary diploma.	Duties to com	rnougb to send a	shell	the twenty-two
1914: Canada::~at Aurora,	Missouri,	by a paper of the | for 	had the road, now	nearing	mènes August 8th and	lo continue for 10
1914: Canada::~The  Starch Co. Limited
1914: Canada::~ing works In  is the viaduct I be the beat quality procurable at arr> ing steel across the Belly river | the price, and we always replace
1914: Canada::~Of .
1914: Canada::~is recognized throughout Central Can- ! candidates for the whole of ,
1914: Canada::~London scientists are investi gat-  now rests
1914: j Albert Lessard. 50c a box—6 for É2.so—~at all dealers, and money back if they fail to give relief. Sample free. National Drug & Che.nL. Co. of Canada, Limited, Toronto.
1914: Ihe collision were recovered.	| survive the father: fire bovs—~George, While at Upper Canada College, To have# without proper autopsy, been
1914: Canada::~Larabie i* a rich bay horse. 16 hand* high and weigh* 1900 pounds ^ Without doubt he is one of the most noted trotting stallions that has ever been brought into , and has demonstrated his ability to reproduce upeedy as well as high-class s ho w horses.
1914: Canada::~The  Starch Co. Limited
1914: CANADA::~NATIONAL ORUO AND CHEMfCAL CO OF .
1914: Canada::~Toronto. .
1914: Canada::~National Drug A of , Limited.
1914: Canada::~Of .
1914: Canada::~lions of the Civil Service and the Bus! ness Educators' Association of .
1914: Canada::~condition after their 12 days' out- ! stations, this one fortunately ing at 's big military ren- Prover! an exception, as it was ilez von 9e which this year witnessed ravured with a large attendance, the largest assembly of troops the only drawback being that the
1914: Lust for adventure and itch for gain die hard in the breast# of Britishers. Some time this June there •ails from an English port one more gallant ship’s company of adventurer’»—~their objective the precious yellow nuggets, concerning which the rumor of centuries throws its romantic, alluring glamor over the scarcely known, frozen fastnesses of Baffin land, North-eastern Canada. The gold seeker» whom ( apt. Munn will lead away from England’s shore, whilst not disdaining to traffic with the Esquimaux for their peltry, only look upon the aspect of their deliberate plunge into the sub arctics a* a mean# of defraying part of the expedition’s cost, placed at over One Hundred Thousand Dollars, it is gold that furnishes the real lure. To confirm reports of valuable specimens of the glistening metal that at various times have into the I panda of -early navi
1914: of them paving the channvis they charted with their brave bones at last? Captain William Baffin is a sadly neglected hero, like the rest —~a forgotten worthy. Some of his personal records of the voyages to Northern Canada are preserved in the British Museum, our maps bear hiâ name ; that has seemed to suffice.	_	.
1914: Canada::~Every' year the Central  Ex- Grade IV Klein. : John Taylor, Sarah bition grows I vi and larger newer I Hodgina, Haiel L>agg, IVarl Blackwell.
1914: tfi»rt will U N KRO, \m> THE BVRNING OF ROME ”, a cta»-sjHM tai ular perf«*rmanee completely >ugvd and vividly illustrated by thou sande of |mrtieipants and a greatly in « reused and extended illumination of Fireworks, second to none, and provided by the world * celebrated T. W. Hand Firework ('«~>., of Hamilton, Canada. As additional features to add to the end r and glory "f the oc« . Two Wild Wt st Sh w ¦
1914: Canada::~Secretary, Central  F'air Office,
1914: Canada::~kernel of the whole thing. The Na (b) The offspring	of	animals	pronounce publicly and	definitely	on	duty free	entry into  or If	compellea to perform	any
1914: Canada::~clare that the English, the American, paid are registered wlthoutldeutlfica foreign record even In the case of one	documents required In  for A	rJLji a notion. .. k«
1914: Canada::~Bearing In mind that the Intending Importer's free entry la thus made to depend <a> on his being a British subject resident in , (b) on his owning the animal and (e) on hla being able to get the National Record Committee to record It before he gets free entry, It obviously takes but little ' to delay, defeat or obstruct him In hla 1 endeavor to obtain It
1914: Canada::~Of .
1914: Canada::~M. Vanasse, whose report is dated October 24, 1911, concludes that if the Government of  wants to preserve these relics of primitive humanity they will very soon have to put a stop to the depredations, plunders and thefts of which vhe Eskimos are the victims on the part
1914: Canada:usa:~ditions in  are likely to be im- thond dollar*.
1914: Canada::~The humiliating position of , would divide the money according to
1914: Notwithstanding the reports from the \N est that a number of men are uuem “~ It is an impressive fact that the I ployai, and they are, according to the L'tal burdens in rcs|xxt of the army advise of the Dominion Government and navy amount to about 35s per head largely of the navvy tailoring classes, the of the population of the United King- representatives of the Governments of d<.m, while in Canada they amount to Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta in only 6s 8d per head. Whether the col- session with the C. P. R., say that at "nies are beginning to realize that the least 15,000 men are necessary in order strain on the mother country, very to harvest the crops. The governments, largely for their defence, is reaching the however, ask the C. P. R. to sell only limit of endurance is somewhat doubt- to all points in Manitoba and to as far ful. Rut there is nothing doubtful as Moosejaw in Saskatchewan, as well al*out the fact that such contributions as to points in Saskatchewan and Alas the colonists have been able to offer berta via Saskatoon and Edmonton to b*r the relief of the mother country have Lacombe. In order that the number of so far made no sensible impression on men which the Western governments b«*» b irdens.	I and the Railway Company say are re
1914: Canada::~Incoming of increasing im (portance to | the (people of  and (particularly to the fanners of the Dominion
1914: Canada::~Western  especially the farmer* | Arise Britain will likely
1914: Canada::~Of .
1914: CANADA::~OVER 96 OFFICES THROUGHOUT .
1914: Canada:United States:~on any point in , the  or abroad.
1914: Canada::~Although  contain* it* 8U't for.l8ch°ol1. “¦ one ttt Dover’8 quota of anti-imperialist* and wl)ere ,the rtock Rnd ety|e* are n,,w and stand patters in the face of the Pncee tow
1914: Janus»~ Millar of the JosPidt Farm puMHt-tl peacefully away Menduty I<Xh, 1914, at hi* late residence Hiver Desert, Que., at the age of 76 yearn. The late Mr. Millar wa* born near Randaletown, in the County of Antrim, Ireland, on 10th May, 1839. He came to Canada 42 year* ago, and 37 of theee year* weft* spent in the vicinity in which he died. A Presbyterian who closely observed that j.	4t Man’s chief
1914: Montreal Star “New Zealand " was in the firing line yesterday (Friday) and helped to the victory. New Zealand feels a thousand times repaid for her contribution. The New Zealand ship by strengthening the navy in the North Sea to that extent helped Britain to clear the trade route of both oceans, and to protect Canada’~s sea cents All Canadians hope that Canada in the not far distant future will have in the British fleet these ships—the M New Brunswick.* the “ Nova Scotia,” the Prince Edward Is land,”~ and the British Columbia,*1 representing our Maritime Provinces. What cheers would have gone up today in Canada if her ships had been sharing the glory with little New Zealand.
1914: Canada::~MB <>4Jere will Thuraday. the let of October. 1914. In the new College Building. 110 University Are., Toronto, .
1914: OlT«i eneplete ion __ .-ilehtlnf itrengu - Navalead. m Heranne.—Sspendltiir#,—National debt Aktn gtvM condition»~ that bro.ig> postpaid to any pert of Canada, poetage etampe to
1914: Canada::~Of .
1914: Canada::~P It is expected that every ton of hay for j; sale in  will be exported to Europe | during the next few months to supply the | demands of the war, consequently there will be a heavy demand for hay wire, and a sharp 1 advance in price is anticipated.
1914: Canada::~On the Civil Service Examinations for November, MUX. our stenographers ami typists headed the list of successful candidates for the whole of , captaring the first, second, and fourth
1914: Canada::~Two other plants are now Utilized for the same purpose. If any pair of our $ 1. *J5 range is not Better than any garment sold By foreign makers Now operating in , let us Kefund your money.
1914: CANADA::~RETAIL MERCHANTS AND MADE-IN- POLICY
1914: «~rotation of Canada was taken at a meeting held In Montreal Immediately after the outbreak of the war.
1914: Canada::~For years past, millions of dollars worth of goods have been Imported Into  from the countries involved In the wry. These importations have now practically stopped, and may not be resumed for a very considerable
1914: Canada::~that the merchant Is responsible for | war, the people of  have a duty such an increase.
1914: Canada::~of , Inc
1914: tendent After the purchase of the ' cols Langeller, Lieutenant-Governor, «Mon of war on the wheat market tobacco, toilet articles, tools, toys. “ the Town-hip Guigne»~, in the County Canada Atlantic Railway by the ' was one of the moat active worker*. vas, as Is well known, a stiffening In i underwear, woodenware, woollen “of Pontiac, under number twenty of Grand Trunk. Mr. Donaldson wa» Sir Francois b*s diligently Identified I ,ces Roughly speaking the Winn!- goods, watches.	“ range two of said Township Guigne»
1914: France:Canada:~aesaiSSaia sir	ciiiiniAM	was	educated in  and .	' the matter	of	trees which have so	An outstanding and Interesting fact	Optical Instruments, paints and colors,	I'*"' ami claims from the present pro-
1914: CANADA::~NOTICE i* therefore given to the proprietor of the said undivided half of Hai<l immoveable, other than that undivided half already lbelonging to said Louis Alexandre, to ap|s*ar before the said Court at Montreal within two mouths* to be reckoned from the fourth |Hihlication of this pISMl notice* to answer the demand of the said Corporation, 64 THE TRUST & LOAN CO. OF , failing which the Court will order that one undivided half of said immoveable he sold by Sheriffs
1914: Canada::~pean war. In , was a check to
1914: Canada::~I Reporta "how that every year millions of dollars worth of manufactured goods from these countries are sold In .
1914: Canada::~I he patriotic citizen, when he goes to the store to All his wants will de mand in every case possible goods "Made in ." There should be n well defined campaign carried throughout the country urging Canadians to purchase goods of home
1914: Canada::~in .
1914: CANADA::~ORILLIA AND "MAOE-IN-"
1914: Canada::~The remarks of the Orillia "Packet" would bear repetition in almost every town and city In .
1914: Canada::~"Made n " Products knowledge of art is even more recent
1914: Canada::~of trade tn , r secondary result tliotfd be of n Ft'mu latin3 there •hat the ca
1914: Canada::~Payable at par at any Chartered Bank in  (Yukon excepted).
1914: Canada::~On the Civil Service Examinations for November, 191%. our stenographers and typists headed the list of successful candidates for the whole of , capturing the first, second, and fourth places.
1914: Canada::~is going on throughout, . , Having had full charge rf the tuning John Stickler, and Miss Maggie, either In aid of the Red tiroes and repairing department of pianos The latter resides with her brother Society, or the Belgian Relief -layer i.uuhm and organa far the John	»*» . the home-tend, where
1914: feel when you have a suit to measure—to fit the exact figure of your body ? There are very few* who have. That’s the reason why I want you to call and see me at the Russell House, Shawville. I have 23 years’~ experience in High-Class Tailoring in England and Canada. I will guarantee to you the greatest satisfaction for one man to give another.
1914: Canada::~Made in . Sold by All Grocers.
1914: Canada::~The  Starch Co., Limited
1914: Canada::~Made In .
1914: Canada::~The  Oasette state# that, owing to the widespread failure of crops in the Moose Jaw, Swift Cur*
1914: Canada::~Of .
1914: Canada::~On the Civil Service Examinations for November, 1918, our stenographers and typists headed the list of successful candidates for the whole of , capturing the first, second, and fourth places.
1914: usa:Canada:~a Canadian corporation with over three thond employees, is manufacturing and distributing refined oils, gasolines and lubricating oils in  for Canadian trade. With its two large refineries
1914: rhis i< not the first time that I call Variety of Viands—~Fnncb and :ln* attention ot Canada to the danger Germans Trust to Foragers to
1914: Canada::~The light cruiser Sydney runs down explosion, for a few moments even dis Catering for the army his became an even lighter cruiser, the Linden, and credited their own senses and debated j a science. Each country has Its ex the Toronto Globe immediately rises to among themselves as ts how many ships perts who have figured out Just what re mark that what  needs in the they had counted before the explosion. Is needed for the men at home and way of naval defence is the Laurier . At once the harl>or was in comme- when In the field carrying arms. Each policy of 1910.	lion. On board all the ships the offi ; ha* figured Just what Is necessary for
1914: Canada::~sand miles nearer  than where	London. Nov.	59 —While deprecating	manoeuvres, and with	these	two
1914: Canada::~account of the condition of rural standard mil wax link them together Ontario, and manufacturers know BIU1 carry their products abroad to 's wheat crop in 1913 was and realize that rural Ontario, and the world, and thirty miles of iiar-valucd at $145,302,500, and the in fact the rural districts of all the r<)W lines are required as auxiliary yield during the present year has provinces, will furnish splendid for the shops, probably brought from $160.000,(XX) markets for their output during the
1914: CANADA::~THE  STARCH COMPANY. LIMITED Manufacturers Famous
1914: Canada::~Made in . Sold by All Grocers
1914: f the government.	Euclid for his ally, he	had van	»~nd must look chiefly to Canada and	^at <*'**] «	thu debcHms Ux*l	Von B^hlen	und Halbach. the onlv	Corn }k planted by	wing a el.arp
1914: Canada::~During the year 1913  sold
1914: CANADA::~granted to Americans, 37 to Cana-	 AND R l SSI A. modelled upon those at Oxford and	“Well," replied Willie
1914: Canada::~Lieut. Arthur Edward Grasett, of the Royal Engineers, son of Mr. A. W. Grasett, of Toronto, has been mentioned In despatches by F. M. Sir John French. Major G. N. Cory, D. S. O., of the Royal Dublin Fusiliers, who is a son of Mr. C. D. Cory, of Toronto, and Lieut. E. G. W. Spread, graduate of Upper  College and the Royal Military College, have also been honorably mentioned.
1914: money he goes to the nearest baker’s This same feeling is in all probabil-¦~hop and buys a quantity of bread, by being felt throughout all Canada, which he distributes among the dogl It means that Instead of closing of the quarter, who testify theif down the shops and thereby putting gratitude by Jumping up at him with men out of work the companies are
1914: Canada::~war.	" goods
1915: Canada::~Of .
1915: Canada::~[Address delivered by Rev. John MacDougall, author of "Rural Life In ,” at the Rural Teachers' Conference, Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph].
1915: *	»~fi^r for Canada in London Clifford Sifton, Chairman of the Con w-rvatiun Commission.
1915: As Mr. tfî W. Howell, leader of the Ontario Opposition, pointed out hi a recent address, the rates allow’~d by the Ontario Workmen's Compensation Act to widows of men kill-"d In our factories were more than double what Canada was willing to pay to widows of soldiers under the present pension law. The widow of a workman will receive, under the Act, $240 a year if she has no children; if one child, $300; if two or more children, $360 and up. There Is an additional allowance for children up to the number of eight. If a workman is incapacitated, slightly or seriously, so that he cannot follow his usual calling, the weekly payment is based on 55 per cent, of the man's wages. In place of the soldier's pittance when wholly incapacitated of about $3 a week, the workman under the same circumstances will draw on an average of from $6 to $12 weekly.
1915: The original enthusiasm which greeted the scheme has rather faded WÊ~k	A* the law of Canada now stands, owing to the lengthy wait before the
1915: CANADA::~I  SUGAR REFINING CO., LIMITED, . MONTREAL
1915: Canada::~Made In .
1915: CANADA::~THE  STARCH COMPANY, LIMITED
1915: F »~ ROW IN WflMNV OF CANADA. UNITED, f| Adelaide Street West. Tarent#
1915: Canada::~in  $8 574 058* call and short	we ml«4,t be ^mpted to regard it as	So	vat	I say,	dear	Gott,	is dis,	haiÎMt<.m*s, which may be called shot	life is exactly what I make it I	mies,”	said	Pat,	I should be	glad
1915: Canada::~loans elsewhere ' than In , not worth hvina. it U eo disappoint- Dat ve should etill be friendta,	,ce u. , . .	.	, know that other people and other to give you a sate, but the empty
1915: Canada::~than In  $16,002,488. as com pared with $16,551 594.
1915: Canada:Canada:~The great care which has been exercised this year by the larger banka of  In maintaining them selves In the strongest possible position, and in this way being able to guard against any developments that might arise In the country, is strikingly Illustrated by the showing made by the Royal Bank of  In Its annual statement for the fiscal year end h g Nov. 30th, 1914.
1915: Canada::~1 A close study of the general statement of assets and liabilities would seem to Indicate that the management has given Its every consideration towards keeping the bank strong both !1n cash and Immediate liquid assets, such a policy being rendered advisable by the very unusual conditions (brought about In  by the out break of the European war. In order to maintain such a position, even op portunltles for profits were apparently Ignored to some extent, but as a result the statement, as a whole. Is perhaps the strongest ever Issued by the Royal Bank and at the present time this should be as satisfactory to shareholders as it Is reassuring to the put* lie generally. Under the conditions It enables the bank to play a prominent T>art In helping the Dominion through an unprecedented situation.
1915: Canada:Canada:~Call loans In  .. Call loans out  .
1915: Canada:Canada:~Cur. loans In  .... Bur. loans out  ... jDverdue debts ..........
1915: Lady of the Snow,”~ regular $.'>0 00 Reduced to 40.00 Miss Canada,” regular *50.00 Reduced to 43.00
1915: Canada::~Now that the cold weather has set in. why no equip yourself with a pair ? We have Wrights " the best made in .
1915: Canada::~Most Complete Live Stock I tv Show liuildings in . I
1915: Canada::~The bride la coming to the home of five, containing abuit f<mr and thither husband's parents In  to quarters (4J) acre* in area ; bounded t await him return from the war.	thy west by lc*« Nos. 129* to N
1915: Canada::~Of .
1915: Canada::~troops on the continent. The rate signed up n few volunteers for poNCRETE CULVERTS, PIPES AND on ordinary letters from  overseas* service, two of whom ^ curbing for wells sold at work» , We for the contingent is five cents for named Fiche and Ryan left for will contract with municipalities to
1915: ing the child re ne stomach# with I shown above, as s fertiliser can candy and cake giye the youngsters hardly be overestimated. Ilia a handful of Grape Nut* when they oonsequently of fini interest to the are begging for aome thing n the agriculturists and lumber interests *m\	d"»~t#. The result Nsoon of Canada to conserve the supply
1915: Canada::~From British Columbia, Manitoba, Ontario and other parts of  has been heard the voice of the native asking a place in the ranks of those to be selected to serve uudei ^ the colora, says Onond yeh Loft in j O The Toronto Globe
1915: Canada::~The Indians throughout  have every reason to be appreciative, too, for the liberal disposition of ,
1915: Hon J. D. Reid, Minis»-‘~oms, lias authorized inatr To sent to collectors throw Dominion that personal g members of lit tionary Force to relativ* oi n Canada may be admitted luty during the period of th<
1915: They developed a plan to distribute the orders amongst the various «~hops In Canada which had the proper i ai. I pi *d successfully, with the result that ihout $8,000,u00 has been distributed among the firms of Canada. The uoney comes from the allies.
1915: United States:Canada:~"The girl blushed with pleasure Islands and Bay St. George Of and murmured her appreciation. Af- his approximately two-thirds goes ter a few further civilities, she said 0 the  and the remain-good-bye, and I looked at my notes. nK third to . The herring " ‘You were saying, Sir Charles/ 1 ire used partly for food purposes, prompted, ‘that the interests of the | *hen smoked, but are chiefly valu-
1915: Canada::~Distributing 's Gift.
1915: K good part has been placed at the Déposai of the War Office and the Admiralty, as public distress Is not abnormal, and there is, therefore, no pressing need for its widespread dls-rtbution to the poor. In those cases srkere the flour Is being used for re-lef purposes by the local commuées, the loaves baked from it are «~sued with a paper band, on which s Inscribed the words: "This loaf Is nade from flour sent by the people if Canada."
1915: Canada::~The Dominion of  has long been known by the world in general as a country of immense tirube; areas, inexhaustible mineral wealth and the most extensive and best stocked commercial waters in the world.	lera germs
1915: Canada::~Last year  Imported 7,989 - , ?Fe c enou*h Anyone wear- cultivation under certain conditions.
1915: Canada::~of supply. Also eggs have begun to , treated as a spy. but as a prisoner be shipped to  from New of war* Secrecy a°d disguise make Zealand.	| l°e spy who, of course, has no rights
1915: “ Brockville Beauty,”~ regular price *.">0.00 Now at 45.00 Lady of the Snow," regular *">0 00 Reduced to 40*00 '* Miss Canada,” regular $00.uO Reduced to 48.00
1915: Canada::~Head Office : - Ottawa, .
1915: Canada::~Great Britain imported 51,786,915 bushels of wheat from  in
1915: Holland::~Austria Hungary and 76,533 bushels 4 hatred of what has happened t<> from Bulgaria, a total of 12,759,949 Belgium ? Suppose the Dutch are tion of the German language for the bushels that will have to he made not so much frightened by the hor- Dutch, and a Germanisation of such There was a decrease in Bus rib le example of Belgium as indig- colonies as the allies may still leave portations to Britain of 7,- nant. My impression of the Dutch for , frequent state visits 000,000 bushels in 1913 compared —and we English know something from Kaisers, and the subordina w ith 1912 and of 24,000,000 compared of the Dutch spirit—is that they are tion of Dutch mercantile interests with 1911. In 1913, the United a people not easily cowed. Suppose to those of Hamburg and Alton a States supplied the United King- that they have net only a reason and (Germanized) Antwerp. And— dom with 80,013,897 but he Is, an in- able fear but a reasonable hatred of the everlasting howling everywhere crease of 32,000,000 bushels over 1912 “frightfulness. Suppose that an of “Deutschland, Deutscb’and uber an<I 13,000,000 bushels over 1911, intelligent fellow-feeling r .r a email while Canada’s increase in 1913 nation has filled them with a desire over 1912 w&p only 1,177,000 bushels, to give them a lesson. There, it Great Britain s total importations may be, is a second reason why Hoi-re ached 229,580,865 bushels.	land should come in.
1915: Canada::~Hungary , a total of 24,148,833 hush consider. I here is the possibility, | then 1 am convinced that at once  supplied 5,977,533	*nd not only the possibility but the ; that
1915: Canada:United States:~ supplied 7,734,588 bushels and the  4.723,814 Great Britain’s total importations of oats were 59,829,950 bushels.
1915: Canada::~Statistics Prove Ninety-Seven Per part of the none Cent, of 's Population is Irffeeted With the Germe of Catarrh.
1915: Canada::~Building conditions lu  are t° their disappointment when they	4	* 11 >tM 0111 >tOck OI
1915: “So am I," said Scott-Proctor. “~I just arrived two days ago on my through Canada to Australia. Let ns go together."
1915: Canada::~A handsomely U lust rated weekly. Largest circulai too of any arlentiflc journal Term* for , |3US a year, postage prepaid. Sold by
1915: Canada::~The  Starch Co. Limited,
1915: Canada::~This ia the beautiful new perfume, made in , endorsed and used exclusively by Mde Pauline Dooalda. the famous Canadian Prima Donna.
1915: Canada::~per week, and laboratory fee for prior ; soil mostly sand loam; almut the course $5.00. For other re-133 acres tillable. Exceptionally well sidents of , the tuition fee built upm, with water system in house for course is 3*25.00. Full partieu-and Hun. lia- half acre vineyard and lars will be sent on application to alunit 75 apple trees. Soil'ideal for The Hegistrar, Macdonald College, gardening.
1915: Canada::~It may surprise those who associate "moonshine" whisky only with the southern mountains to learn that since the suppression of the contraband liquor traffic between whites and natives In the far north of  the Eskimo has himself turned "moonshiner."
1915: Canada::~National Drag If Chemical Co of . Limited Toronto
1915: Canada::~carried on throughout  at Good Friday, April 2 :	.	,,	, Al_
1915: Canada::~The  Starch Co., Limited, Montreal
1915: Canada::~Ivoweat price for Pure Asphalt Hoofing ever offered in .
1915: CANADA::~"MADE IN "
1915: Canada::~Within tlie next few weeks the i Oity, in the black loam district in farmers in  will be engaged Northern Saskatchewan, upon the work of seeding the great- given as 110,000, and the increase est acreage which has ever been over last year as 40 per cent, given over to the production of Naisherry, close to Star City,* grain in the history of the Doimin- ported 76,000 acres. Melfort, near ion. While statistics portraying by on the same line, claimed the actual increase in area will not increase of 100 per cent. Host hern be given until the federal author!- reported an increase of 300 percent, ties at Ottawa compile in the late I over last year. Duck lake's 50,-apring the reports from their cor- 000 acres is an increase of 75 per respondents on work done, the cent. To the north, Hafford, on findings of investigations which the new line connecting the citiec have already been completed point of Prince Albert and North Battle clearly to the conclusion that the ford, reported 72,000 acres in area, additions throughout the Western 90 per cent, greater than in 1913. provinces, at least, will be very To the south, in Saskatchewan, Deconsiderable in extent. Officials of lisle, on the Saskatoon-Calgary the Canadian Northern recently fin- line, reported 88,000 acres, which is i «~lied a survey of fall plowing along an increase of 30 per cent. Marthe lines of that company in Mani- shall, on the main line toward the toba. Saskatchewan and Alberta. Alberta boundary, returned 50,000 The figures which were sent in, of acres. In Alberta the town of oourre, deal with the C.N.R. only, Hanna reported 40,000 acres, an but they may be taken as an indi-I increase of 20 per cent, titettler, cation of the manner in which the 1 in the central portion of the pro farmers west of the Great Lakes vinoe, gave 30,000, an increase of have responded to the call for a 2% per cent. Craiginyle, close to -greater production of foodstuffs in Calgary, reported 40,000 acres, and Canada. Five hundred and thirty- Delia, the next station, 47,000, nine agents contributed to the re- which is an increase of 200 per cent, port in order that it would be thor- Two towns on the same line, closer ougbly representative of the terri- to the Saskatchewan-Alberta line— bory eerved.	I Cereal and Chinook—report 15,000
1915: and that average will probably be	it i»~ apparent that Canada is doing	the white fibre has	been removed,	old muslin and dean soft water A	Î^î Tui*lsh sojdiers in their flight	ed A mad anger, while the Afghans
1915: Canada::~that at this moment in  f*arv.€*	. -r.	. -	,	„--- ,-v —---«	.
1915: ice wa« responsible for the Ren- NIrs. Rordeu, mother of Sir •hiv. -XII told, 2S hodie- have been frew boy*' downfall. Those who Y.'»~,'** Rordeu, Premier of Canada, taken from the debris and the witnessed the match state freely I	her home at Grand l're, mining number 2b.
1915: Having taken a course in F.m-lialming in one of the l>e*t known and mo«~t successful Cmlcrtaking and Kmbalmlng Schools in Canada, I am prepared to give special attention to this line of bu-ines#.
1915: Canada::~form are now being sent to .
1915: Canada::~Of .
1915: Canada::~Head Office : - Ottawa, .
1915: Canada::~at home iu dealing with many of been busy in connection with the 14mce, and everything possible done A memorial service in comtuem-the troubles that the farmers in local wool crop, giving demon-1 for her relief, the shock to her oration of  * fallen heroes, this district have brought to bis «Dations in shearing, etc., in system-naturally delicate - was was held on Parliament Hill on notice. This is his second address different parU of the county. The too great, and ahe suecombed after Thursday morning laat Rev. Dr. at Bhawville on an occasion of method he recommends for pre-laperiod erf much enfferinf. Much Herridge was the preacher. Over this kind, and the hor^mon seem- paring wool for the market, le sympathy i* felt for the family 2000 soldier* in uniform and severed to appreciate his remarks very somewhat of a revolution as com- ,mdei the particularly sad circum- al thousand citizens were in atten-amch.	j pared with the old way.	I stances.	dance	¦ a a
1915: Canada::~on genuine satisfaction for three generations. Satisfaction first with "Ye Olde Sugar Loafe", made m  by John Redpath 60 years ago—then with Canada’s first Granulated Sugar, made By the Redpath Refinery L 1880—now with the modem 2 lb. and 5 lb. Sealed
1915: United States:Canada:~Oil Cookstove, for years manufactured in the , is now made in .
1915: Canada::~National Drug A Chemical Co. of , Limited, Toronto
1915: Canada::~Advertisements received without In- name Is still a household word over struotions accompanying them will be In- U Urge part of . Those who sorted until forbidden and charged for wou,d ,earn more of hlm and bl,
1915: Canada::~'Halifax, and published by the Board of Foreign Missions of the Presbyterian Church of . Appended to this Interesting sketch they will find a list of twelve Canadian Presbyterian missionaries to the New Hebrides, of whom eleven arrived there during his active career, while - | the remaining one appeared on the scene within a year after his death. They will learn also from this booklet that nine years before Mr. Geddle arrived on the Island of Anelt-yum the natives of Erromango had put to death In the most barbarous way John Williams, a prospecting
1915: •~MADE IN CANADA-
1915: ighbor drives a Ford—why don’t you Î~ We are selling more Fords in Canada this year than ever before—~because Canadians demand the best in motor car service at the lowest possible coat. The M Made in Canada " is a necessity— not a luxury.
1915: ago, and w hich are recalled by a passage in the memoir of Dr. McCaul, Your esteemed patronage solicited | says The Toronto Star Weekly. Writing of Dr. McCaul’»~ farewell to Upper Canada College, Mr. King says: "His words of farewell to his youthful charge were a finished Illustration of unstudied eloquence. They marked ‘the old mau eloquent* of future years, when, whether on platform, dais, or at the festive academic board, surrounded by those who were keeping alive the memories of Convocation day, he never failed, by the Hull. Que. | chaste elegance of Lis language, the
1915: Canada::~JXiiry t'ummi--io minion. The 1 tail, the Department ot -oon been me known ghout .
1915: Canada::~II. Imison, and butter in  added to tlie tj
1915: The Minister of Militia ha-a— m- <!m ^^s Chairman of the Royal ‘ Articles have appeared in the Jcnl had a horrifying experience in cd the directors of the Central t oimiu^sioii on Industrial Training press recently attempting to point -he bacteriological laboratory •~ the Canada Exhibition Association a,u* icchmcal Education. Far- out the disadvantage of the Ross I her day when he cleaned off u spot that the soldiers now training ami	^ ïj1 «11 province- arc familiar	bayonet, with which Canadians are	]oc a microscope slide by licking it.
1915: Canada::~similar reports regarding the RM3 mer* of  the best that was are:	mentally underwent all the pangs of
1915: Canada::~to the farmer* of  as Pro- Wlth “t to match and carriol a feaaor Robertson. He began hla|hr>D<luet nf	of valley. Her
1915: Canada::~Head Office : - Ottawa, .
1915: Canada::~Of .
1915: Canada::~many cities in  now offers *>" in huSe	.	&uid 5 ditty w,re distressed’ ?’’
1915: Canada::~general cut. Such persons are put- man in  determined to do | the ©oflector when he calls.	it* remedy in Malta,
1915: Ha»~ been Canada'#
1915: canada::~Enough for 5c. to produce 50 large loaves of fine, haoc in  wholesome noun
1915: CREAM—~the demand has spread from year to year until it is now on sale in nearly every town in Ontario. There seems to bz something about the climate of Canada that makes it the confection that everybody craves in warm wea her—infants, invalids, children or grownups. it makes no difference what your state or station. City Dairy Ice Cream is most refreshing. nourishing and digestible.
1915: Canada::~i;m IMS are "MaJr in  '. 30x\ a box. i* tor $ W-at in ! ilralrrt—S*IJ in l S. under tbv name “UINO'' IMK Trial treat-M-em trev it >ou write National Drug A l livmkal Co. of i amnia. Limited. Toronto.
1915: Canada::~Sri iging the guilty to justice, and to pre.ent a rejietitioii of wrong doing. The people of  a*k for nothing more.
1915: CANADA::~-MADE IN "
1915: Your neighbor drive* a Po*i> - why don’t you ! We are welling more Ford»~ in Canada thin year than ever before because Canadian* demand the beat in motor car service at the lowe*t possible ¦MAe “~ Made in Canada " is a necessity —
1915: Canada::~This Company pu* based the best leather and supplies available in  and spared no expense in manufacturing the hoots. All our Invoices, and shop and manufacturing records were produced before the Parliamentary Committee tor their inspection and information. We had nothing to hide and were proud of the boots which were furnished to the Government.
1915: Canada::~Canadian Selling Co., 74 St. Antoine St., Montreal, .
1915: left at The Eqvitv Office will re- htfoldr arc busy with their clipping reive < art ml attention. Sixteen | machine >h< «ring abeep, and n«» douU year* exjierienee. Six year* in think th# y *»u!d give a few lew#hi»~ to the largest factory in Canada. I aome of the Macdonald College l*oye. StttUfnriion guaranteed.	I Mr. Allen McGillia had a mt n »ke • A
1915: Canada::~Of .
1915: Canada::~Ottawa, ,
1915: Canada::~least, has made a vigorous effort to Permit no Germans to enter  not only does the British navy pro-	-+-
1915: Joseph Deniers, I.iU-nil mend ht for John's and ItnTvillv, Que!«vv, dues vet know that a |M»~litical truce ex - in Canada In Montreal a few days
1915: •~MADE IN CANADA*
1915: United States:Canada:~Australians receive more letters per head than the inhabitants of any other country. After Australians come inhabitants of the  and el , then inhabitants of the United Kingdom, then Swiss, Ger* mans, French, and Argentines.
1915: Canada::~This means approximately one daily to every 10,000 families, and one weekly to every 1,500 families. From this one would infer that for a comparatively new country,  is well-read
1915: Canada::~Head Office : - Ottawa, .
1915: Canada::~209 Branches and Agencies In -
1915: Canada::~Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all  has never been equaled.
1915: Canada::~fectly soft. Turn into a jelly bag and that the struggle for high ideals, that the length and breadth of , themselves do the work in the kitch- E-	¦	¦¦	¦ # #
1915: then strain through	cheesecloth	into	ization in all its forms,”~ and who	bas ever sailed	from Canada.	general conclusion, I drew, however,	D®er	district,	where	Alberta	holds
1915: Canada:Germany:~ns for roasting tying the wings and Ever since the mapping out by the German mind, holding this view- cegi 0f the Company. Indeed,  The Canadian Red Cross has a spells dose together	and rubbing with	 of the so-called “war zone,	point, may regard laws for the pro-	needa chiefly a training school for	cial department in London, which has
1915: The Province of Saskatchewan has taken out a bonding warehouse license for liquor—~the first ever is sued to a province in Canada.
1915: Canada::~Jim Perdicaris, a Greek was arrested at Regina for illegal entry into .
1915: Canada::~A little turpentine put into a copper boiler will help to whiten clothes justifies the destruction of the Lu si-1 PHPUPIHBUPH^FHBPP end will prove an economy both in tania, and refrains f-om giving lice of every young man in .
1915: Canada::~p and labor.	America the assurance it has demand-1 The Universities of  are , wooden berths
1915: Canada::~Doctor of Medicine, Master of Surgery. Licentiate Medical Council of . Post-Graduate Protestant General Hospital, Ottawa.
1915: CANADA::~-MADE IN -
1915: Canada::~Needed In  After llie Mar. remember that some time ago we ad-Lady Drummond, who is in cbaigc vertlsed for work for a destitute woof the Information Department of mrn with her child.	* .
1915: Canada::~Since the publication of the prize list of the Central  Exhibition, Hon. George Bryson, of Fort Coitionge, Une., has donated a gold medal or $25 in cash for the best exhibit of dairy butter. This special will be competed for in sections 3 and 4 ; that Is, tub butter and print butter, and will be awarded to the exhibit scoring the highest number of points. Regular premiums in the butter and cheese department are very attractive and entries are pouring in fast. Additional storage has been ordered for cheese, this being chiefly due to an unprecedented volume of entries and inquiries from the Eastern Townships.
1915: Canada::~A general increase in poultry prises, not omitting turkey*, geese and ducks, ha* been made for the 1915 Central  Exhibition. First prizes are advanced 75 cent*, and seconds 50 cents in about 250 item*, and there are bigger increases for pens of fowl. The prize list announces, 1,300 cash premiums.- A copy will be sent to any address on application to E. McMahon, Manager, 2HS|mrks St., Ottawa.
1915: Canada::~The six-lor-a-dollar admission ticket* for the Central  Exhibition have been put tin sale with a number of agent* and at the head office, 28 Spark* St., Ottawa. All these low rate ticket» will be withdrawn, a* i.*ual. when the Fair oj>en«. Thesegviin ticket* admit to ground* any time and may be u*ed
1915: Canada::~Head Office : * Ottawa, .
1915: Canada::~239 Branches and Agencies in -
1915: Just Received—~A consignment of Fence Wire from Canada F. W. Co J. L. Hod gins.
1915: Canada::~Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH place# for all  has never been equaled.
1915: in transit in some mysterious way » [ew friends motoredit< He J»**»~ great increase of telephone con-got torpedoed, and, therefore, was where Mr. and Mrs. Boland *** venieneee in Canada means a In a somewhat wrecked condition entrained for Toronto, taking ith tjy increased use of telephone
1915: Canada::~With a I them the beat wishes of a host of ^)leH/The k,ime is t, ne of the extension of telegraph lines, while railways mean millions of new railway ties. Cross ties and telephone, telegraph and electric light poles make up a good part oi '* timber business. Realizing that Canadians want to know as much as possible about their own business, the Department of the Interior in its Held makes provision to supply this need. In the case of forests and forest products the Forestry Branch issues periodic bulletins and between the issues if a citizen desires information on a eiiecial point he will be gladly supplied d lie writes to the Branch. A bulletin oil Poles and Cross-ties in 1914 will be off the pres# shortly and will be sent to all who apply. Questions and requests should b*» addressed to the Director of
1915: Canada:Canada:~Most people know that the Canadian Pacific Railway traverses over eleven thousand miles of country in , encounters even tropical and iretie weathers; cuts its way through the rugged and difficult country along the shores of Lake Superior; crosses the endless prairies of the west; and finally runs through the glories of the Canadian Rockies where the road in some places has been hewn out of the mountain sides under towering peaks; through great canyons; and in other places tunnels and piral rails have to be negotiated, all necessitating care in operation. But in spite of all these difficulties the Canadian Pacific has not killed a single passenger in a train accident during the past two years, which is a record  can place against the recent boast of the Pennsylvania Railroad not having killed a passenger in three years. Especially so when it is considered that the latter road has not the same climate conditions to face and the easy country through which it traverses.
1915: CREAM—~the demind has spread from year to year until it is now on sale in nearly every town in Ontario. There seems to be something about the climate of Canada that makes it the confection that everybody craves wea’her—infants, invalids, children or grownups. it makes no difference what your state or station. City Dairy Ice Cream is ing. nourishing and digestible.
1915: Canada::~In the report of the Bureau of Vines for Ontario for the year ended October 31st last the interesting fact is brought out that among the produces of , Including the Yukon Territory, Ontarie to-day has the largest gold output. In cold figures it means that Ontario produced in mid last year f5,529.767; British Courn hi a, $5.177.343 ; Yukon Territory, $5,125,396. The margin of lend is small, but it Is pleasing when one recalls the celebrated Klondike rush of the late nineties.
1915: Canada::~words, tbo Hack Door of  will barge Increase in Domestic Exports
1915: Canada::~The balance of trade as shown by fuly returns -till continues in 's favor. Our people are buying ess abroad and selling more, build-ng up a balance in our favor that nust have a beneficial effect on the mandai and industrial stability of )Ur country.
1915: Canada::~145.600.000	and foreign, goods ex, lorted from  $16,000,000,
1915: Canada::~Contributions are being received from all parts of . THINK OF OUR SICK AND WOUNDED DEFENDERS IN OVERSEAS* HOSPITALS. It’s UP TO YOU TO “DO YOUR BIT” AT
1915: Canada::~Fifty years ago the proposals for a Confederation had juat been submitted to the people of British North America, and in 1866 the statesmen of the colonies assembled in London to settle with the Imperial Government upon the terms of the agreement which was to establish the Dominion of . ..They accomplished their mission. The scattered and disunited colonies were withdrawn together and the new community was endowed with the largest powers of self-government. By effecting this result the London meeting in 1866 completed one stage in the development of the British Empire. A household had been set up within the Empire, managing its own affairs. When Australia and South Africa were prepared in like manner to direct their own concerns they followed the precedent set in 1866, and secured from the Imperial Government their free constitutions.
1915: Canada::~of  attended	the meeting of	tions and laws.	language, yet that is the	term that	also be added and will much improve
1915: Canada::~immaterial. What matters is that a quickly bore fruit. The Premier of representative of the Dominions |  moved into that council cham-shared in the final council of the Em- j her escorted by his mighty dead, pire. His right to be present will ne- ; They will attend him and other lead-ver be urged. There will be no need ers of Canadian opinion until the of urging it, since no one will call it j Commonwealth for which they laid in question. His presence on one down their lives is well and firmly great occasion is a sufficient prece-. established. Like the Athenians dent. We proceed in our British way whose graves Pericles spoke, "They
1915: Canada::~of the Dominion. It is true that they	 control over her	local affairs,	; took to them, and for two days guard-	; this connection	that a certain Colonel	oven ^et brown, then rub over	it a	bair *8 combed as	often as	once	in
1915: Canada::~were not asked to join in shaping the but those concerns which affected ed and fondled the chickens, seven in Afansieff, who has seen much of the tart jcj)y meited \n a bot water ten days, in order to keep it free from . , policy, still they were given every op-  together with the rest of the ! number, with true maternal affection, underground life led by soldiers and and *„~velop jn a crust 0f flour an(j knots or matting. The combing portunity of studying it, and much a Empire were still left in the care of ! They reciprocated the attention of tefugees alike in Poland, believes that, water made very gtiff and roHed half causes the rabbit very little inconveni-schooling could have only one ultimate the Imperial Government. Canada their warm-coated foster mother, and as a result of the war, no small part an ;nch thick. Pinch the edges tight cnee; in fact, it helps the frequent purpose and result, that of preparing will now have a voice in determining crowded closely around her. To see of the population of Europe will act- together, lay back in the pan, cover moltings of the little animals, them for their part in an Imperial the policies which in any way affect them all settled for the night with ually revert to cave life. The trenches, and bake in a hot oven. Take up, The long, silky fur appears when Government which would determine	her and will at the same	time partiel-	their second mother was something to	when properly	built, are dry and	break the blanket carefully, lift	out	the rabbit is from	three	to four
1915: Canada::~Yet, the establishment of these Dominions, while certainly a milestone in the progress of the JCmpire, left a long road still to travel. The j new communities took charge of their local affairs, but they had as yet no voice in conducting (he business common to the whole Empire. Such common concerna were left to the Government at Westminster. It administered the great dependencies, it conducted the foreign policy of the Empire, it decided finally upon peace or war, it retained a final authority over nil parts of the British Commonwealth. The authority of the Dominions was thus restricted within certain boundaries; and a citizen of Canadi enjoyed a less ample prerogative than a citizen of ttu United Kingdom, since the latter alone elected the representatives who determined the ultimate issues for the whole Empire. This difference could not be permanent The Dominions once in control over their own business moved inevitably towards a larger participation in the business common to the Empire. Hence the 60 years since Confederation have witnessed a series of meetings in London no less significant than that of 1866. Colonial statesmen have visited the Metropolis of the Empire to take part in Imperial Councils and gradually to assume a share In Imperial responsibilities. The Fathers of Confederation hare been followed by the Premiers of , Sir John Thompson, Sir Wilfrid Laurier, and now Sir Robert Borden.
1915: Canada::~the way for the Dominions into the Imperial Cabinet Sir Robert Border^ the Prime Minister of , the of
1915: Canada::~From carefu calculations made by Fro*t, in M>mo localities <uftu*ient C. Gordon Hewitt, the Dominion En-to kill the move tender varieties of tomologist, it is estimated that the garden	visited (Ids section annual loss in , due to the de-
1915: Canada::~In the production of munitions of ,ar in  146 factories are now •ngaged on the $152,000,000 order >laced here for the British Govern-
1915: Canada::~Thomas, representative of the British Government la , has Inspected ill our munition factories In Ontario ind the other Eastern provinces, and a as stated that their capacity and effl-:lency have been a revelation to him ind further great orders are a cer-
1915: Canada::~Head Office : - Ottawa, .
1915: Canada::~239 Branches and Agencies in -
1915: Canada::~Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all  has never been equaled.
1915: Canada::~HUH I* apparently course. In , at all the con*
1915: Canada::~hearts are failing them for fear. u ar art,e of dlct ln . The problem has arisen in regard to the	sources which are vital if we are tc
1915: Canada::~has blasphemously claimed to bs Di- server also makes many sketches of , Wales being a lady of pure English suggested that  should be	lnH th, H.taiiu -ir.! k
1915: Canada::~Heretofore, fish has not been a popular article of diet in . The reasons for this are various and some
1915: gins—~That we accept Rural Inspector and the ninety-nine and nine tenths per j pired, the School Board will meet on military In character, Canada's navy, E. Dagg* report re. the Schneaux road, cent pure copper is ready for what the Monday the 1st day of November, at especially now that German cruisers —Gamed.	professor call* conductivity for all form* B o'clock, p. m.. and shall proceed to have been drivqp from the
1915: Canada::~which many Canadians have already laid down their lives Is also calling for great financial sacrifices costing , in fact, $300,000 a
1915: Canada::~dwarf gorse. Before them it rose fri-kled lanky hobbledhov Vaught	her flaunting skirts and her lewd	banks in . Every one of these	gone in gtate to attend mass at St.	House of Commons, however, as mem-
1915: Canada::~The banking system of  is
1915: Canada::~The  Starch Co. Limited, Montreal
1915: Canada::~MARSHALL & MARSHALL Niagara Falls, .
1915: Canada::~la noted throughout  for Bret-clsis buslnen* education. Write to-day for CoUeg.
1915: Canada::~Up-to-Date Dairy in . LET l S TELL YOU.
1915: .	.	. ...	. .	ail«,vomit» owing to i>r. H.T.Lii»~piatt, | which cannot be duplicated in Canada today. Everybody knows that woollen goods have fighting birds before they burst apart
1915: Canada:England:~I' u k house, office and tables adjoining the mill, were ' Wm. Windham and G. N. Barnes, enuinletely destroyed. The blaze M.P., who came to  last May lies the home of Mr-. Joseph on behalf of the British Government Case reducing it to ashes. About t0 secure skilled mechanics for Brit-4,(100 1)0 he|. of wheat and a large lsh srscnal and naval works, have left amount of flour was also destroy- for , having completed their »d, as well as the electric light mission.
1915: Canada::~and ability to perform the highly skilled work required of ^hem * in Great Britain in connection WTtn tn@ manufacture of war munitions, About 80 per cent, of them )iave had previous training in British munitions or naval works, and all are guaranteed return passage to  after the
1915: Canada::~Head Office : - Ottawa, ,
1915: Canada::~2J9 Branches and Agencies in .
1915: Canada::~Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all  lias never been equaled.
1915: Canada::~The  Starch Co. Limited,
1915: Canada::~National Drug & Chemical Co. of  Limited, Toronto.
1915: Canada::~We took a sudden turn and before us ,ltl 1 n**nctatmii -a. taming its! jg not the least of the war obligations provision must be made. Thes as we could see regular oceans of soldiers. place-Hl) mmmially, (g) intellectual y, of . The most that Canadians the men who have become permanent They consisted" of infantry, including CM spiritually. Before closing Ills 1 can do for those who have risked their disabled, tirough blindness cr cl'.
1915: entered. We st,»»I here for about ball •~'IUU|. t" whom the ass.s intion ' wlde Is now being worked out for tho : them. Canada already has a number ¦ a hour, when we were Midden lx !«¦ I. greatly indebted, l<ecaii*e hi* verj benefit of returned soldiers, to provide of such Institutions whose work Is of brought to attention. Like a Hash ail |ettioi. nt service has led greatly loom for those who are disabled, to put1 a high order and at great vein-. For «a- silent ; even the mud. had died l"'yt success.	new avocations within reach of such | those otherwise disabled It is Irite:. ,1
1915: Canada:: must well provide for her her-1 In June, 1881, a wind of 112 miles oes who have made sacrifices for the «~as recorded on top of Pike's Peak, Empire. Canada's pensions are the largest of any country In the world,1 but It has been realized that Is not sufficient. Means must be found to,	Magazines on Warships,
1915: “At tld* ;viint the Royal Standard was raised, and one of the hands played “find Save the King." As the first notes of this sounded, all the infantry presented arms and you could see no-•hing but a field of glittering steel. They remained at attention during the singing of the anthem and then lowered arms. Another lsmd then played “~(> Canada ' and “ The Maple Leaf Forever.”
1915: Canada::~In addition to meeting the ordinary and capital expenditure of the Dominion for the past two months the Finance Department has financed the government's own war expenditure In . It has also been able to make heavy advances on account of the Imperial Treasury to finance ten: porarily the heavy expenditures of thr Shell Committee In paying for shells and other munitions made In Cana in. On this latter account ; lone the D -partment has advanced over twenty million dollars during the past six weeks. The effect of this financing has been to assist In stabilizing the sterling exchange situation as the money was furnished here without withdrawal by the Dominion of Its London balances. All the advances on behalf of the Imperial Treasury are of a temporary character anu promptly repaid from time to time.
1915: Canada:England:~Hon. Martin Burrell, Minister ol Agriculture, has been doing an Inestimable service to the farmers and live stock producers of  In his endeavors to arrange for the sale of Canadian canned goods and dree eed meats to the British authorities. The high ocean rates have demoral lzed the ordinary shipment of live stock on the hoof to , while the American market despite the fact that there are now no duties has been poor. Mr. Burrell's efforts, if they are successful, will at this crttl cal time prove a great stimulus to this Industry. Through the efforts of Mr. Burrell an offer has already been made to the British War Office to
1915: Canada::~As It has been Impossible to secure an outlet through the shipment of live cattle to Great Britain, the move to secure sale for the surplus product as frozen beef has received general support As has already been announced, the Minister, through Sir George Perley, the acting High Commissioner, has learned that the British War Office would consider tenders from , and Mr. Burrell Is accordingly making strong representations to the Imperial Government with the view of obtaining a satisfactory outlet for our available supplies.
1915: Canada::~other routes, so that the Increases made in the Imperial transport service to , are net additions to the transportation facilities for Canadian products. Further, the Imperial Government, when possible, la releasing, temporarily at least, Canadian liners already requisitioned.
1915: Canada::~A searching inquiry has been made by Sir Charles Davidson, commissioned to Inquire Into war contracts, Into the purchase of two submarines for the British Columbia coast defence, made several days before the outbreak of the war and negotiated by Sir Richard McBride. The submarines had been built at Seattle for the Chilean Government and the British Columbia Premier realizing that war inevitable, that there were German cruisers on the Pacific and that the i hi * of Vancouver and Victoria were almost defenceless, courageously and paf'otlcally secured the two submarines for .
1915: Sir Richard at once asked for a thorough Investigation Into the whole purchase so that he could have a chance to clear himself and the naval officers who assisted him In the transaction. This Inquiry baa Just been completed by Sir Charles Davidson and not One tittle of evidence was put forward by the Lite era!»~ or anyone else to show that there had been any commission paid, any graft or any thing Improper In connection with the transaction Direct testimony was given by every person concerned with the transection that no commise ion, promise of commission, contribution or promise therefore, any benefit In any form or manner accrued to anyone In Canada.
1915: Canada:Canada:~The transportation of Canada's great grain crop to the British market, owing to the scarcity of oceiq ton-age. la one of the biggest problems confronting the government. While In England Sir Robert Borden Impressed upon the British authorities the Importance to  of an adequate supply of ocean freighters for this purpose. On his return this matter was placed In charge of a committee of the Cabinet composed of Hon. Robert Rogers, chairman, and Sir George Foster, Hon. Dr. Retd, Hon. Martin Burrell and Hon. Arthur Melghen This committee has been successful In providing tonnage for all contracts for grain placed In . Hon. Robert Rogers recently made public the result of the committee’s efforts.
1915: Canada::~cargo space adlan agricultural products as much as bay. grain and flour. As a result of representations by the Canadian government, an expert from the wai office Is st present In  to ar range for Increased purchases ol grain and Hoar tad for the tranepor UUon of the eupvV-w thus purchased
1915: Canada:Russia:~I A firm in Vancouver wants about 2,000 men from  to go to  and build 400 miles of railway, 500 miles from the fighting zone. i The Port Alberni, B.C., high school has been awarded second place among the high schools of the province for the encouragement of physical training in schools.
1915: CANADA::~-MADE IN "
1916: Head Office : •~ Ottawa, Canada.
1916: Canada::~239 Branches and Agencies in *
1916: Canada::~Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all  has never been equaled.
1916: CANADA::~WHAT  PAYS !
1916: Canada::~On the night of December 2nd in the home of every orthodox Jew in , a candle was lighted just
1916: Canada::~In  a holiday Is proclaimed j where she intends to remain for after sundown, but it ends at sunrise I f|"£-the next day, so that it does not in any way Interfere with work. The closing day of the feast, December 9, Is also a similar holiday
1916: Canada::~run down; I had weak, thin blood, al- ,, pretty lit young fellow, so he ap-l^' t Y ^^^ages of both liquid  $100,551.000. against $09,587.- the French armies which Napoleon ways felt tired, and unable to do my p|jed for enlistment, and was made a â!!!.®,	‘L”®? ,®S Wel* “ m total 000, an increase of close to $7,000,000. led. We come down to a still more
1916: «•~un in Canada it on the new*- , lau«l* and a glance at the table of j ••ontent* show* that the magazine i * living up to its reputation •* |, î he leading ex|K>iient of oiltdooi
1916: Canada::~Ottawa, .
1916: Canada::~2 J9 Branches and Agencies in -
1916: Canada::~Mr. M. C. Foster, formel ly of Starks Corners, and now of Regina, has composed a lengthy poem on "'s Justification in the Great War," a copy of which he has kindly forwarded to this office.
1916: Canada::~National Drug & Chemical Co. of , Limited
1916: Canada::~hate High Commissioner for , It Helps the Astronomer In Calculating  Was Delated to the Originals of Two Dickens ('haraeter*
1916: Canada::~1 he I One morning in the early days of the present century an elderly individual, of no very prepossessing ap, pearance, called at the office of the High Commissioner for  in
1916: Canada::~drive me to Aberdeen when I went to . As a matter of fact I
1916: Canada::~,1 sailed to .”
1916: Canada::~y bout an election is said to be based Ikuinycwstle Dale contributes th pon the Itelief that the Province of leading article in the February issue of Quebec can lie relied uiion to rally to Kml and Gnn in , published l»y he support of 8ii Wilfnd Laurii nd ^ J. Taylor, Limited, Woodstock i > that the agitation in that province with ?’gard to the bi lingual schools in On tario can lx* used effectively against the ( Government. It is Udieved also that the Lilierals rely strongly upon the strength of the foreign vote in the west urn provinces and expect that large numbers of men in the expeditionary -	I Blit.ill. 11.-I I ; nice will
1916: CANADA::~WHAT  PAYS !
1916: Head Office : •~ Ottawa, Canada.
1916: Canada::~2J9 Branches and Agencies in -
1916: Canada::~Unit up. .  had the*
1916: Canada::~The  Starch Co. Limited, Montreal
1916: Germany:Canada:~completed with  on equal that  will put Into operation terms in her home markets and those the biggest national land settlement ,
1916: Canada::~urt ,	..	,	,	Defeat	the	British	crested an antic. rmaii feeling @f Montreal, 's premier bank-	Lecturing to the Royal liege of
1916: Canada::~are climbing towards the summit m> h again. It will take some time to reach 1 out of ordei the summit, but 1 ing that we have passed the worst The condition of  might be li : nod to that* of ¦ convalescent. We
1916: Canada::~National Drug & Chemical Co. of , Limited, Toronto
1916: Canada::~man in the saddle quite a while, and	ened to everything except the mens-	cess, isn't she? Well, we're going to bygone days.	tawa, Beef Raising	in ."
1916: Canada::~consists of the use of apair of gaunt-1 The officer smiled and invited t4ic be taken to a Canadian hospital, lets made of ordinary khaki cloth donor to lunch, adding a few words Thig kin(j Qf Red Cross service lightly padded with cotton wool treat- which showed that officers are no wkich  has won an en-wi with n peculiar powder, render- more free than men from the desire*^abIe repuution, is only possible with ing the material practically imper- to buy something, "If you have any- i perfect equipment and with contin-vious to the sharpest metal points, thing left we will buy it.”	HHH^H^^^^^H
1916: Canada::~in .
1916: Canada::~tires,*' lion. W. J, Roche, Minister cf the Interior, bus set form, in tabled | of .statistics, the romance, the tragic vast ness of the labor of building  with human bricks. Voder these figures can be seen the mighty hand sorting, picking, and choosing the sound bricks from the crumbly and | the until, to go into the walls of the nation. That the tale of such a morn* ntouf work can co into such a tiny
1916: Canada::~who come to  from such court* THE PROTECTING FOREST.
1916: Canada::~conditions here o- seek  to lmpertsnt Plrt Tre«, PI.y In Prevent- . r uro employment on railway con- :	, Serieul Fleedl.
1916: i mn.ignition <d >"itr |*H* ml jn Grpat Britain has rendered export 1 -	txuv. " •~ f!().	. country to Canada almost
1916: Canada::~- Ottawa, .
1916: Canada::~209 Branches and Agencies in -
1916: Mr», ( it. MoPVlUOlii Which <><•~- Canada has n*vçr been equ l. curved rather unexpectedly at her home on Friday morning, following a stroke which she sustained
1916: W ANTED—~Information concerning t he living relatives of one Mrs. Dean, who lived on a farm near Ottawa, Canada, some 32 Seattle,
1916: Canada::~Made in .
1916: Canada::~The only College Tn  A aching all Typewriter Keyboards
1916: Canada::~(Made in )
1916: Canada:Canada:~in  Cost of War to . $187.000.000
1916: «priâtions l.»~r war purpose^ u' hundred and titty million* w of thi* vast expenditure, it i* for-i.ite for Canada that large miiiis are
1916: f all ranks, no deductions for casualties, had been enrolled. There were approximately I Il’~.oih i in England and at the front, and approximately i:t.\ouu >till in ( amul.i. ( a>ualties of every description amounted to l’~lVXni and wastage accounted for all,U00 total expenditure of Canada for pur|Hwes up t IHIt
1916: being made in various jmits of fwm wh«~*rc he lived until leaving for conducted the sale, said that It had Canada. Theme films are loaned Arnprior.	been bought by a prominent New
1916: Canada::~Head Office : - Ottawa, .
1916: Canada::~Branches and Agencies in .
1916: serve with butter, soft cheese ‘~I Canada irrigation Association, which
1916: Canada::~American side into , and	Ml» ®nd W(e were too hoarse to
1916: CANADA::~MADE IN  J
1916: famous for almost forty years need to suffer with tired, eore. aching burning feet. Get a pair of these am. find ease and comfort If voter dealer doesn't carry them, send us hie name enclosing |S 21. and we will ¦hit»~ you a pair all chargee paid to ant address In Canada or V 8 Remit «stating else# by poatal or espr order Same s»«te as shown. » *v lets high 11 71 Write for our catalog uatratlng vur Rummer and
1916: Canada::~National Drug & Chemical Co. of , Limited, Toronto.
1916: Canada::~engineers developed in half in , and
1916: Canada::~Head Office : - Ottawa, .
1916: Canada::~209 Branches and Agencies in -
1916: •/ur £~iyil Service record of FIRST, SECOND, and FOURTH plates for all Canada has never been equaled.
1916: Canada::~and family. I am sorry we have not Exhibition grounds on  s Mrs. J. G. Klliott, and children man. or leave at some convenient place his wife’s address, consequently I am Rational hohdny—July 1st, 1^^" have gone on an exteu<&d visit to in town.
1916: In one of those tents at motoring outside Smyrna when a the time, not a hundred feet from number of Turkish boys set upon them where an Austrian shell fell, a great and Hung stones at them. The Eng-•~urgeon from Canada, whose name is li^hmen gave chase and eaugh known and honored among the sur- principal offenders. The eldest was geons of Germany and Austria, was asked why he had thrown stones, [foiling with his knife on the vitals “Hurriet of a young officer, using all the skill “There's liberty ami science that twenty centuries of we like now.” study have afforded the art of surgery, and one of these Austrian an<i I am at liberty to give shells might have wiped out that Kood thrashing, am I not?”
1916: Canada::~Made in .
1916: Canada::~National Drug & Chemical Co. coIured complexion of , Limited, Toronto. Is this tnie? w°re heating
1916: Canada::~t,  »
1916: Canada::~will give you good satisfaction in wear and appearance. It has been used by Canadian property owners for over half a century. It is made by The  Paint Co. i all the most attractive and serviceable shades.
1916: Canada::~treat from Mona and the Battle of the The annual average Are lo*a in Marne have been overestimated.  for the past three years has been $35,000,000. Add the cost of insurance protection in excess of the
1916: CANADA::~THE  STARCH CO. LIMITED
1916: Canada::~The Over-Sea* Club, who have rganizvd  s Tobacco Fund me in receipt of a letter from the l>t Newfoundland Regt. from which the following is an extract.
1916: Canada::~Head Office : - Ottawa, .
1916: Canada::~209 Branches and Agencies in .
1916: Canada::~Our Civil Service recorii of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all  has never been equaled.
1916: CANADA::~THE  STARCH CO. LIMITED S
1916: Canada::~short cut to supper. Are you scared	CHAPTER XXII.	T he butter export trade of  When the farmer’s brain is running
1916: Canada:France:~Great Britain forbids treating, and limits the hours of sale in certain areas. Conviction* for drunkenness in these areas fell off \'l per cent, in England and Wales, and 30 per cent, in Great Britain as a whole in the four week* after the order was established. Australian colonies have limited the hours of sale.  in the near future will be largely under provincial prohibition.  coniferous * prohibits the sale of abainthe, limits
1916: Canada::~I>ean Clarke, superintendent of the Toronto General Hospital, delivered a clever address to the Royal Cana-1 11 I "'"id iii'iH dian Institute recently in the Physics xalour ami vu building of Toronto University. Lec-ps v h" turing on the care and treatment of W'M'thx u| t!u* the criminal, he said that the methods of ascertaining the mentality of criminals are very Inadequate at present. Instead of undergoing a medical examination to determine the ^tate of Insanity, the fate of the criminal is ascertained after a legal r tight between the two attorneys. The crime and not the criminal receives t the most attention from the court.  is n century behind the time in criminology; she has welcomed all kinds of immigrants with open arms, but after the war lier eyes will he opened. Criminology will become an Important study, and the court will realize that criminals must be examined, then punished or treated according to the classification. There are moral imbeciles, Instinctive, occasional, habitual, and accidental criminals. Each one is distinctly different from the other classes. After The Duke of Devonshire will the law finally is brought to Ps
1916: «>f I>e\«»~n<hire in Canada may Ik* take to assure the fulfillment soon utter til war of the King and ijiioeti** long dedi to revisit Canada.
1916: IU «~ 'aching sojourn in Canada, while the f two sons and five daughter'
1916: Canada:United States:~now recognised In other parts of  and In the  as of great importance.
1916: Canada::~Kingscott came to  from
1916: Canada::~buttoning something into a breast tree, stack or animal, especially if it a9 fUu 0f energy as he ever was but ab*e to offer- Low and sandy and the Dominion of . During the funeral benefit assessments of such pocket that was over-full. A tall, is near a wire fence.	with an expression upon his delicately windswept, shallow waters are the last two years, with an exceptional	%%% V’ourt^On the Ut^oi
1916: from his waist-belt. “They’~d take me taller than the bed. The reason why	Fighting the Handicap.	, hungry land which looks up on to tmt vVar Bonds issued by the Do- Canada for oversea*, he is relieved of
1916: Head Office : •~ Ottawa, Canada.
1916: Canada::~209 Branches and Agencies in -
1916: Canada::~Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND .11-' FOURTH p  has never been equaled.
1916: Canada:Canada:~The greatest effort yet is l>eing made by the Directors of the Central  Exhibition Association to ensure the success of the Annual Fair at Ottawa this year. September 9th to 10th. This f* the big Show of Eastern , and $15,000 will be given in Prize- tor Live Stork. A new building ha-been secured for Sheep and Swine and everything possible will lie done to ensure the comfort of stock. Entries close Sept. 4th and this rule will be stiictly enforced.
1916: Otfr new Recipe Book “Desserts and Candles" tells how and how much to use. Write for a copy to our Montreal Office—~and be sure to toll your grocer to mend BENSON S, lho standby In Canada for more than half a century.
1916: CANADA::~THE  STARCH CO. LIMITED
1916: Canada::~property value in  each year, fire caused the death of 141 last year.
1916: Canada::~(Made in )
1916: Canada::~annul t kick tu .
1916: at once began to send out the urgent veBgel can be Bteered by it. As he distant by rail.	' “~ internal economy of Canada is shown
1916: Canada::~ings and subscriptions of his letters of Conservation, Ottawa. of the ocean on its errand of mercy.	* This" is not the first war in which wood-using industries in  are
1916: Canada::~the funeral took place to Shaw- It was in 1836 that the first rail-villc Methodist cemetery. A mini- way in  was completed—from A very plea-int event took place! her of friends and acquaintance* Lapralrie, nine miles above Montreal i Wednesday, July 2d when *«mic	attended the	la-t	-ad rite*.	on the St. Lawrence,	to	St.	Johns	on
1916: Ç It’s the "know how”~ that has given Hobberlin tailoring the premier position in all parts of Canada.
1916: Canada::~there Is a difference of 35,168 miles of track. That in a word tells the n applica-j gtory of the progress  has
1916: Canada::~of the Toronto General Hospital, told the Royal Canadian Institute a few days ass that  Is a generation I behind In the care and treatment of
1916: Head Office : •~ Ottawa, Canada.
1916: Canada::~239 Branches and Agencies In .
1916: Canada:Canada:~Hus proved itself to be 's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in  on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1916: Canada::~No Lack of Men to Gather In 's Greatest Asset.
1916: Canada::~Statistics from the Government authorities show that the wheat crop this year promises to be greater than ever but the problem that is troubling the minds of the farmers in Western  is how can the crop be harvested? That is the pré~dominent problem of to-day in Canada apart from recruiting for overseas. The railways are providing special excursions to carry the men to their destinations but the effort will almost bo fruitless if the labor does not
1916: Canada::~ously apprehensive if the existing	con-1 spring of 1916, and especially in	the	this "cap nml hells- hot which mug-	Made	ill		to	the war	there	are	still	hundreds	of
1916: Canada::~a preliminary investigation into labor coast, and, more1 especially, on the been successful.	| Sunday or spend it selfishly on your- war abroad. 's crop is of vital
1916: Canada::~been largely due to the fact that there iff walls so large a section of agri-	the spinal column, setting up an in-] Nearly everything that 	on the war to a successful issue,
1916: ly owing to the shortage of labor.	dinavia. Mr. W. C. Bullin argué~s	children. This first stage lasts us-	pri)mnts you to say t]iat or are you	western	Canada	and	do your	little towns. The most us.fui »r. J h.tere tin*
1916: Canada::~of Canadian artillery, who returned the year. Diarrhoea, dysentery, chol-	jury be in the brain.	The eye muscle		for	the	year	ending	June	30,	life, of resolute purpose.	Instinctive-
1916: staff. He speaks in the warmest (i). That certain lot of land known J°~ldiers have returned to Canada, terms of the devoted spirit of the and described according to the official °ur onl/; not four hundred or four
1916: Canada::~Of each month.	j-olla. Ont.. .”
1916: Canada::~Head Office : - Ottawa, .
1916: Canada::~206 Branches and Agencies in -
1916: Canada:Canada:~Has proved it-elf to be 's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places m open competition with all business and shorthand schools in  on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1916: of the Superior Court did not de- Mr. Ernest Wilson, formerly of The bride s gilt to the groom wa* % very large proportion ot a dare the bylaw illegal, the Green Lake, who is a partner in a psir of gold monogram cuff links.. Canadians at the front have left county appellant pretends. What mica mining o#**rmtion„~ that arc After the ceremony the bridal dc;xmdent* in Canada. The pay-i it did was to rule that the public in progress on the property of party drove to the home of the ments from the l*atriotic Fumi ac-vote approving that by-law w as William Nit*, a few miles from bride ssisf»' -s. XX m. Nelligan. count for another million a month, not legal, because the statutory Ladysmith, report* having struck 4M Bror* ' • where a sump* while the pension ex|wii<liture has notices calling the public vote were another rich vein w ithin a few tuous w< mig dinner was served ' peached a million and a half not given w’ithin the time spevllled yard* of the shaft from which a	11.d< ii the happy coupledeft, 1 monthly before the recent heavy
1916: Canada::~Clarence House is to be run as an	's winter shipping ports Ible waste when we hear that 2,000
1916: “~Made in Canada*’
1916: Head Office : •~ Ottawa, Canada.
1916: Canada::~236 Branches and Agencies In -
1916: Canada::Hat proved itself to be ’~s Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all haul ness and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1916: Canada::~TuringYb" recent trip to Western e8SS and <*her foods , Lord Shaughnessy, accom- the COSt OÎ living represents
1916: Canada::~We guarantee to pay from 10 to 16 per cent more t-hmi any other dealer In  or United State*. Write Cor special letter and price liât. Sent free.
1916: Canada::~Now i skunk handlers , est prl.-r. ship to us lines lilgheMt price
1916: Canada::~visitors would bring millions of dollars into  every summer and take very little back sumption of meat t<> eggs, 'ese. fruit, vegetables
1916: Canada::~have tlic winter roads opened by He- almost everything else produced by ceinlivr let. otherwise the mail foreman the farmers of  will W obliged to <1
1916: Canada::~were constructed which would permit Americans to make tours in their automobiles through  in the summer, and this would be of meat benefit to Canadian farmers.
1916: Canada:usa:~end form a grenr barrier dividing  into two distinct areas of peopled land. All who have passed through this tract by train, however, know that it is filled with almost counties# beautiful lakes, and that it could be made a vast camping-ground for hundreds of thonds of persons during the summer. If a great trunk road were constructed through this district for vehicular travel, it would become a vast sanitarium for the worn-out business men of New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, and numerous other cities. It would be a sanitarium, however, in which nature would be the only doctor, and where men, instead of taking pills and all kinds
1916: Canada::~would breathe In health-producing air, and seek relief from bodily ailments by going boating. fishing, and hunting. The great empty gap between the two populated areas of  has been by nature fitted to become the greatest summer resort In the world, and all that Is neded is giving access to it by means of a great highway passing across it. whose help in peopling it would soon be supplemented by Accommodation at the Ontario branch roads constructed by the Pro-l" Parliament Buildings is unable to vincial Government, adequately meet the growing demands of ; it y ,rs. and when the The Department, for the first year at war is over it is within the realms of I vast, furnishes the seed necessary to probability that an extension to the
1916: ®~ . .	,	. Canada, in connection with the ad
1916: Canada::~The work of constructing a great highway across  would be much less difficult than many Canadians think it would be, as, with the exception of the almost uninhabited district north of the Georgian Bay and I«~ake Superior, all the parts of Canada through which it would pass already possess roads, which could be linked together so as to form on* continuous highway without serious difficulty. The road would probably •xtend from Halifax to Moncton, and from Moncton to some convenient point on the southern bank of the St. Lawrence, along which it would pass to a point opposite Quebec, w here the river would probably
1916: Canada::~to the work done, general weather coo- , and be unable to find immediate employment at their former oc-
1916: Canada::~t 's National 'j
1916: Canada::~IIE Canadian National Highway, which it is proposed to construct across  for véhiculai travel extend from Halifax to Vancouver,
1916: Canada::~proximity and quite easy of access. As this highway will extend from one end of  to the other, and benefit all the Provinces, its construction
1916: Canada:France:~In the death at the front of Major Gordon Southern,  has lost one of her most versatile and widely known athletes. Major Southam was serving with the 40th Battery In  when he gave hie life for his country.
1916: Canada::~In football, tennis, cricket, hockey, golf, squash racquets, and other lines well, of athletic endeavor Major Southam had gained fame. On several occa-sjons he was chosen on Canadian and Provincial teams. He was born In Hamilton about thirty years ago, and prepared at Upper  College for the University of Toronto, where ho took his degree In arts In 1907. During his course he was regarded as the best athlete wearing the blue and white. In addition be was a clever student, and his sterling traits of character earned him the respect and admiration of all with whom he came in contact.
1916: Canada::~A man who has had a great deal of experience in the lumber shanties of  and has suffered something of the tortures undergone by overseas troops from small visitors Huzznng.	I which infest their unde; 1h , ad-
1916: Canada:Canada:~A London writer says that letters still corn#1 by the bushel from Canada and elsewhere to the Canadian Red Cross and similar institutions, the writers asking if they may correspond with some lonely soldier. Such letters are not now allowed to be forwarded to any soldiers. Further, the Red Cross and like Institutions are forbidden to put soldiers Within four eggs of the world's into communication with unknown year-laying record for all breeds of correspondents. One letter received hens, a Barred Rosk hen bred and *n Lady Drummond a office recently raised by the Poultry Staff of the On- from  stipulated that it should tario Department of Agriculture, has be sent to some soldier "who must given up the ghost. The hen, which be good looking, has been laying eggs at a pheno- It has been incorrectly stated that menai rate for a year past, had Canadian soldiers are not allowed to broken the record for Barred Rocks |iraw pay in Lngi sh hospitals. The and with .en days more to complete regulations are precisely the same the test year had laid 310 eggs. A*- on this point as le , soldiers
1916: Canada:Canada:~The saying, "The resources of  are Inexhaustible,,r Is true o? no food products more than of honey. An abundance of honey-yielding flowers, with a high aver-Ing place of either of these kings, who I age of favorable weather for the In' this respect resemble Moses, of | production and ingathering of the whom it is written, "No man knoweth I honey, makes  a good country 3f bis sepulcher unto this day."-Lon- for the bee-keeper. Moreover, the inn	nl	bulk of Canadian honey is of unsur-
1916: Canada::~Three years ago the record for  was 2*6 eggs and for the Province as a whole the qverage backyard ben contributes only 80 eggs a year.
1916: Canada::~Gillette Safety Razor Co. of , United
1916: England:Canada:~The Duke and Duchess of Devonshire have arrived in Canada to take up the great charge just relinquished by T.R.H. the Duke and Duchess of Connaught. To follow those who have made themselves so universally beloved is no easy task, but It is prophesied In  that the new Governor-General and hTk charming wife will quickly win our hearts. The Duchess of Devonshire, as a daughter of Lord Lansdowne, does not come to  as an entire stranger, since her distinguished father was Governor-General from 1883 to 1888, and then went on to India aa Viceroy, as did the late Lord Mm to.
1916: Canada::~I :trd lot Official announcement Is made that IOi lot at  a new Governor-General, the
1917: Canada::~Head Office : Ottawa, .
1917: Canada::~217 Branches and Agencies in -
1917: Canada:Canada:~Has proved itself to i>c 's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in  on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1917: ped in luxury lulled bv the Ù.L “~P" call in on Shelton who had a flat there K KEP MONEY IN CANADA. P ,?d ln the gujter behind each cow Others were twisted and flattened as manoeuvred its vast, unwieldy bulk
1917: Canada::~ui returned to  as medicalh tit for further <vn ici
1917: Canada::~menial discounts in  through shareholders and depositors. The yBNT; as soon as I tried It ...
1917: Canada::~m : a much improved demand raii ïSîns. Ca.L m the banks outside territory.	i l>o. abroad ..
1917: Canada::~217 Branches and Agencies In * NEW YEAR’S RESOLUTIONS.
1917: Canada::~Has proved Itself to be '» Best Bu»i tin*». Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest place# in open competition with all business and shorthand school»~ in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1917: Canada::~red and ruinous, has raged through	the beet over the fxiorest of 120	Commissioners for  with	foi the deceased for	a mimbei of
1917: Canada::~larmer in  will strive to in- same variety aa there is between	mission have kindly consented to	Dummy, as lie was familiarly	II	priced tO Sell QUickl V
1917: Canada::~pire. A still powerful and un- t hat it i* wise to acctira stock from those wishing to write direct to U'fore emigrating to , aw scrupulous enemy openly avow* farms which have had high yield* the Board of Pension Commis- made copious use of hi* acquire its intention to try and sink all ing crops. Because the Green doners. These societies have hients in Ixith reading and writing.
1917: England:Canada:~-hips carrying supplies to  Mountain has failed in giving s offices in certain localities through- The newspapers afforded a wealth during the coming year. In the crop on a certain farm is not proof i out .	of pleasure to him. and one |>ul>
1917: Canada::~Made in .
1917: England:Canada:~(dress in French.	hour. We are going across  ; it 1	II	Dominion of . Is	living in a quiet place if we are In
1917: Canada::~ling with hi* observation* on the	for. There is a town every two or three ! he	war.	When we speak of 	from	1700 to $1.200. that about five
1917: United States::~I When many are endowing advertising with the attributes of the arts I and sciences it comes as a shock to j find a regalia company In an Amerl-I can city making merry, in a Cana-j dlan circular, over the fact that Can-I ada is at war and the  is not. The circular is sent to heads of fraternal societies in the Dominion. and It declares in jingle that the coin is easier than the sword war don't worry us a bit, no chance —for we are out of it.' kind of banter the Jingle runs on, tilling Canadians with wonder at the impertinent stupidity of the man who hopes thus to sell regalia in Canada
1917: Canada:Canada:~Mr. S. A. Armstrong, who for many years has been Assistant Pro-rinclal Secretary In charge of the hospitals and prisons of Ontario, has been transferred to Ottawa to be-:ome Director of the Military Hospitals Commission of Canada. Under Hon. W. J. Hanna Mr. Armstrong has had in hand the important work it prison reform in Ontario along with the reorganisation of the hospitals for the Insane, and was instrumental in the development of the large Industries connected with the reformatory at Guelph, which with :he adjoining farm baa enabled the Province to carry on a work of prison reform that has made Ontario a aame to be conjured with the world >ver. In becoming Director of Miliary Hospitals Mr. Armstrong will aring to bear upon this important branch of 's war organization he experience that has been so suc-jessful in Ontario. Not only will the efficiency of hospital management be ncreased, but the benefits of the nost approved methods of treatment will be available for the soldiers who return to .
1917: CANADA::~THE PEOPLE OF  TO
1917: CANADA::~DOMINION OF  DEBENTURE STOCK
1917: Interest payable half-yearly, 1st April and 1st October by cheque (free of exchange at •~ny chartered Bank in Canada) at the rate of five per cent per annum from the date of purchase.
1917: Canada::~Holders of this stock will have the privilege of surrendering at par and accrued interest, as the equivalent of cash, in payment of any allotment made under any future war loan issue in  other than an Issue of Treasury Bills or other like short date security.
1917: CANADA::~THE  STARCH CO. LIMITED
1917: Canada::~The cheese, which is their principal product, is sold in Immense quantities throughout  and the States.
1917: Canada::~Mr. McKim was one of the last known and highly respected business men of Montreal, lie was the first general advertising agent in  and he had built up a tremendous business.
1917: Canada::~Hon. T. W. McOarry, Provincial Treasurer, has sold $2.000,000 ten-year. five-per-cent, gold bonds of the Province of Ontario at 99.678. This Is considered an exceedingly favorable transaction for the Province, and having regard to financial conditions at the present time compares well with recent federal and municipal Issues In ; said to be the highest figure obtained during the year for any like Issue. The loan was placed by public tender, and the proceeds will be used to carry on to completion several important public work*, principally the further extension of the Hydro Elec Lq- ¦	trie system, which has already prov-
1917: Canada::~Head Office: Ottawa, .
1917: Canada::~217 Branches and Agencies in -NEW YEAR’S RESOLUTIONS.
1917: Canada::Has proved itself to be ’~s Best Business, Shorthand and Civil Service School hy taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examin* allons of May last.
1917: Canada::~of these frozen oats in past year* port says the meeting wax piesul- The Equity expres-e* the sin has given the general impression ed over hv Mayor Cowan, and was cere regret of the community tin* that nil Western oats will not addressed by (apt. (Rev.) J. A. week, in having to record the do well in Eastern  the first Macfarlane. Chaplain of the 2hth death of Mrs. John A. Beckett, of year Home grown «eed oats of Battalion. Premier Martin, W. B. this village, which rad event «x> g<x*l quality is so scarce this year Willoughby, leader of the Oppori- ctirred on Sunday morning, the
1917: Canada::~For a specific and typical case take that of Corporal Jones, wounded at Y pros, suffering from shell-shock and tuberculosis, who, after three months in an English hospital, is sent home to , and recommended for six months* treatment at the l.aurcntide It the b< \ stall is not enough, what inn. Ste Igsthe, ui tor J. K of the open yard? Rome mares will Byers.
1917: Canada::~ESULTS secured during the year 1916 re-affirm the position of the Sun Life Assurance Company of  at the leading life assurance organization in the Dominion. Once more it leads the field among Canadian Companies in each of the following respects :
1917: Canada::~To pull through deep sand, mud, or his disability, snow easily and without overheating. j By the aid of private citizens in To climb any ordinary hill where every part of the country,  fias there are traveled roads, on high. created a wonderful fabric of institu-To get away from a standstill about j lions under the authority of the Mill-juickly as their neighbors’ cars.	tary Hospitals Commission, and has
1917: Canada::~car with consideration. You would flI. j con8tant attention.	1  that she shows her gratitude
1917: Canada::~vour machine once a day. See to it Sun Life of  Makes Splendid St 532! "Æn.	,l C05ls 1‘tt'c‘n time- f.00,‘ ”r	poPcorn,’ pu,"pkln or squash seeds |y ransacked his stock in h.a-efforts
1917: Canada::~of the He vised Statutes of , 1900, known as “~ The Companies Act/ letters latent have Iwen issued under the Seal ___	of the Secretary of State of Canada,
1917: United States:Canada:~Men who do little but find fault with :hvrs who do much say the Govern cut has not gone far enough in its con act of the war. Perhaps. Hut in two years the  will have an my of five million men if it keeps up with  s mice.
1917: Canada::~- most unkind cri t ici Minister of  is that whirl viits him as desirous of an extvn
1917: Canada::~liership of , but hi> duty is They have a curious bent of mind think that the task of a Frime •1er in war time is one which Sir it would hold from any other mien sc of duty.
1917: Canada::~with  s, the growth of the cost of j Mr. William Donnelly is busy hauling
1917: Canada::~;en as great as in  nited States, whose economic and gts»
1917: i |*>.«~*ibly exercise control, Canada I.. VUMKXTAT!,,S- °“	evening
1917: CANADA::~DOMINION OF  DEBENTURE STOCK
1917: Canada::~Interest payable half-yearly, 1st April and 1st October by cheque (free of exchange at any chartered Bank in ) at the rate of five per cent per annum from the date of purchase.
1917: Canada::~Holders of this stock will have the privilege of surrendering at par and accrued interest, as the equivalent of cash, in payment of any allotment made under any future war loan issue in  other than an issue of Treasury Bills or other like short date security.
1917: _ etter ny the law gear first. The human engine must have the right kind of fUel-food. Power to do things comes from food that is rich in muscl c - building material, that is easily digested. Shredded Wheat is a high-power food, the kind that fits a man or woman for the day's Work—~just enough muscle-making material, just enough heat-making material to keep the body in top-notch condition. Shredded Wheat is ready-cooked, rcady-to-cat. Two Biscuits with milk make a nourishing meal at a cost of a few cents. Made in Canada.
1917: Canada::~Any druggist van supply you. or a bottle will be sent en note or money ord. tlonal Laboratories Montreal. .
1917: Canada::~A new military system is being worked out for , and it will be similar to the territorial system
1917: Canada::~Ottawa, Feb. lil.-Duiing the five months ending January 30,  shipped to Cuba 250,000
1917: Canada::~sacks and barrels of lKitntoes which were -old for $1,400,000. Mi. J. C. Manzer. representing the Dep.tt tiuent uf Trade and Commerce, and the New Brunswick Government, has rejMutcd that two shipment- of New Brunswick potatoes, totalling 21,508sacks and barrels arrived in Havana in one week recently  is also supplying cod Osh, malt, and some sardines to
1917: Canada::~Head Office : Ottawa, .
1917: Canada::~228 Branches and Agencies In -
1917: Canada:Canada:~Has proved itself to be 's Rest Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places m open competition with all business and shorthand schools in  on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1917: Canada::~Our Shorthand training is universally recognized by the largest employers in  as the standard.
1917: Canada::~R Rifle Company,  would 1)6 ii f*»r a damage suit for two or three tlon, more production
1917: Canada::~out of the They would not be liable for service even if it were decided, as a last resort, to compel military duty jf certain classes.  wants them, as it wants all other producers, to stick to their work, for their Dwn sake and that of the country.
1917: Canada::~\ oung Lilierals of Montreal met re < ently and passed a resolution of ayiu-#atby with the Allies. That is not enough. Young Lilierals and Young Conservative# of the rest of  are giving their blood.
1917: Canada::~The Toronto Star emit* a daily shriek hat  must raise the 500,000
1917: CANADA::~DOMINION OF  DEBENTURE STOCK
1917: Canada::~Interest payable half-yearly, 1st April and 1st October by cheque (free of exchange at any chartered Bank in ) at the rate of five per cent per annum from the date of purchase.
1917: It has been said of “Foghorn" that “he's not afraid of any man—•~ and very few women." His home is in the great west. He has lived much in the United States and almost every province in Canada can claim hint as her own. His heart is as big as the world in which he has lived; and he has a way of calling a superior officer “Bill," or "Jim," or George," and referring to a corporal as a "brother officer" that is quite baffling to tho Englishman’s Ideas of discipline. Someone spoke to Fog" about It.
1917: Canada::~Foghorn" was born Nell Roderick A day or two ago a staff colonel, McDonald, but there are compara- fresh from , walked Into the lively few who know him by that die- Savoy "Club."
1917: Canada::~Holders of this stock will have the privilege of surrendering at par and accrued interest, as the equivalent of cash, in payment of any allotment made under any future war loan issue in  other than an issue of Treasury Bills or other like short date security.
1917: Canada:England:~that he is beyond doubt the best known man In the wonderful big army  has sent over to light for , asserts a writer in The London Times. The rawest rookie In the rearmost ranks of the Dominion forces proclaims it on the fighting line and looks up to this worldwondering scion of the Clan McDon-
1917: Canada::~For Duty off the Coast of .
1917: Canada::~the combination is entirely pleasing. weather that sets the pangs and tor- things. They know only what they I .	ospitals and in many American iron
1917: Canada::~230 Branches and Agencies In -
1917: Canada::~Shorthand and Civil Service | School I,y taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in  on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1917: Canada::~as sxzsz a?: isf&& or crcam- Mode fa -
1917: Canada::~on Forests of Nova Scotia, Trent Watershed Survey and Forest Protection in , 1913-1914, published by the Commission of Conservation district chiefs have been appointed, for the supervision of the work in the
1917: Canada::~Announcement that the Government flnancially is hind a big ship building -gramme in  that will go far vards helping to defeat the German •marine menace, i> another example the effectiveness of the Dominion’s in the war.
1917: Canada::~Over 700 Ford Service Stations in .
1917: Canada::~him that, in many cases, the suffering was due to lack of foresight. In  many people buy in small quantities—often only one ton. If, for any cause, there is a shortage of ï~oal, improvident householders dework started. After numerous dlffl- mand that the coal dealers do the culties and setbacks from time to mpossible, namely, that they supply Ume he produced a doll which. It Is fuel that is unobtainable. Whereas, claimed. Is better than those pro- lad they purchased their coal In the duced In Germany. The head is summer or autumn, there would be better and will stand much more impie supplies available, hard usage. One large wholesaler While some large consumers, stated that the doll Is excellent and such as manufacturers, cannot store will find a big market if the price Is j & six months' supply,
1917: Canada::~States and in foreign countries for J this class of toy. Receipts in the different stores throughout the country have been enormous and Canadian manufacturers are determined to keep this trade in .
1917: Canada::~Business Men Are Urged to Co oper- minion of , issued by the De-j “Hold tight!" “Penny, please!" “Tup- have him."	j Fire guardians are given author-
1917: Canada::~A little more co-operation between the railways of :	! At first she had liked it, and the ful sobbing. The older woman put Provision is made also for the safe
1917: Canada::~Made In  by
1917: CANADA::~F. F. DALLEY CO. OF  LTD., •
1917: CANADA::~SEVEN LARGE, UP-TO-DATE MANUFACTURING PLANTS IN  „ "SERVICE” BRANCHES AND WAREHOUSES THROUGHOUT CANADA
1917: Canada::~The railway companies doing business in  have tiled theii applications with the Railway Commission to increase the freight rates and passenger fare' to the extent of 1.5 per cent, cost of living has not reached the limit.
1917: Canada::~When sending money oat of town always remit hy money order. The cost is small and they ran be obtained at this bank, same are payable at par at any bank in . The rates are as follows
1917: Canada:Canada:~Has proved itself to be 's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in  on the Civil Service Exaroin* aliens of May last.
1917: Canada::~Our Shorthand training is universally recognized by the largest employers in  as the standard.
1917: Canada::~Authorised tepbleln members nod charte* lodges in every Province in .
1917: Canada::~I .antic Pure Cane Sugar was first put on During the last two years we were told the market about two wars ago. Since that we could increase our business in cvr-that time over 200,000,000 lb*, have been tain sections of , if we would color consumed by the C anadian Public,	our yellow sol t sugars, as the public
1917: I To be absolutely certain of get-I ting lantic Pure ( ane Sugar —~ * that the Red Ball Trade-mark is on every bag or cart r guaranty to you of Canada's Purest
1917: Canada::~Made in .
1917: Canada::~the world, and which , with its extensive and fertile unplowed areas, can provide.
1917: Canada::~Two of 's best known painters have been wounded. One of hem, Pte. A. Y. Jackson, is looked jpon by many as the most consptc-lous ligure among our younger art-sts. Pte. Jackson came originally ’~rom Montreal, but after studying In ihe Julian Academy of Paris he set-led down in Toronto. He quickly received recognition as a painter with plenty of ideas and marked iriginality. He showed himself to >e unconventional in his work with->ut running to extremes hat he found himself classed among .he progreaisve young painters without running foul of the critics who fear that the radicals are on the point of becoming eccentrics. It was typical of this clever young artist that he should have enlisted early In the war as a private in the 60th Battalion. raised in his native city of Montreal. He crossed to France sarly last year and was wounded in the spring push. Pte. Jackson did not put aside his brushes entirely when he enlisted, as the painting of "Mills at Leeds
1917: “~ Whereas we recognize that the duty of paramount importance before Canada at the present time is the prosecuting to
1917: Canada::~British and Allied officials who have visited  have marvelled at the im inner in which our military organiza-
1917: in a field like that of Roumanla, permanent annihilation la impossible. Canadians may be certain that when the hour of resurrection and rehabilitation cernes (as It Is sure to come), some of their compatriots will be among the magician# to conjure back the departed spirit of progress and prosperity to the Roumanian oil field. This country’~s part in world development is not confined to the activities of commissioners high or low; her humble and unthought-of sons are silently laying the foundations of prosperous foreign states whose future historians will write In letters of gold upon the first page of their grateful annals the name of Canada.
1917: England:Canada:~corps were made even more elastic, to  with a University Com There is no organization In 	pany and was drafted to the Princess
1917: ment took part, but later on the "revue," as they called it, reached the stage, with such success that the Colonel suggested-that It should become a regular feature of the army iian artist who did belong for a I life. Pte. McLaren organized the short time to the United Arts Corps, Princes Patricia’~s Canadian Light )f London, England. For three years * Infantry Comedy Company with the irlor to the outbreak of the war Mr. assistance of Mr. Percy Ham, son of Jrahara had been living In Antwerp, Dr. Albert Ham. as business man saturating himself with the splendid ager. With a company of clever lads, radltion of Belgian art. During that including several professional actors, •~ime he kept in close touch with bis pte McLaren has staged plays, native land, and frequently showed sketches, skits, and entertaining iis pictures In our exhibitions. In fragments that we would look for In July, 1914, Mr. Graham bad the re- winter garden shows or similar consult of four years of study and hard glomerations of vaudeville. He has work In his studio In Antwerp. Like an orchestra of 22 men, so that there >tber people of peaceful Belgium, be i# plenty of music for his reviews, lid not realize the meaning of the Some of the other painters In Jerman avalanche until it was too khaki are R. S. Hewton of Lacbine, ate to save any of fils pictures. When Que., who has a picture In the Na-'orced to escape with the other men tional Gallery; Sergt Charles Mall who did not want to fall into the | lard, of Montreal, whose paintings, bands of the Teutons, he left many "Poilu" and "Notre Dame de Parts" toe paintings behind him. Mr. Ora- are In the Canadian Royal Academy aam immediately enlisted with the ibis year; Lieut. W. O. Storm, of United Arts Corps and remained with Weston. Ont., who went to the front ;hem until he returned to Canada in the Imperial Army, and who has ast March. Three weeks after land- received the Military Cross; and mg in the Dominion he Joined the Captain Louis Keene of Montreal, Artillery and Is now in England with who has been to the front in France.
1917: Canada::~it will of interest to poultry keepers throughout  to know that there is now an expert who devotes all his time investigating the diseases of ; poultry. Dr. A. B. W kkware, Assistant Patho-:ist to the Health of Animals Branch
1917: Canada::~Holders of entries must count time of employment am farm labourer* in  during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
1917: It Is stated that a new industry la to he established in the Province of Quebec—~the making of Devonshire cream. As the result of Investigations recently carried out In the laboratory of one of the agricultural colleges, a leading authority baa come to the conclusion that the making of clotted cream practically identical with the far-famed product of Devonshire la feasible to Eastern Canada. Many farmers In the country districts own large herds of Jer mey cattle, and are therefore in a very favorable position, for, while It Is
1917: Canada::~Over 700 Ford Service Stations in .
1917: Canada::~J. Ernest Caboury, LL. d. TH0MAg white .e ^
1917: Canada::~about 's banks, which ten-	mised Interest. Lest Great Britain,	Aldfield tSchool No.	1.	Duties to com-
1917: Canada::~As to their like in , there's no telling whether the costs of the
1917: now. Its ispect Is not unlikely to ap- and more gupplantlng of Imported front by the Grand Mam* road, in roar pear quite sane to many electors In and other coal by electricity cheaply and on the east side by ths remainder the hard times which pessimists al- obtained from our innumerable of said lot number one, and on the u<*»~t lege wlU surely come upon Canada water powers, now utilised Increas- side by the property of Harmidas La I L	Remember the repu |ng|y every day In cooking, driving bine—with all the buildings and apper
1917: probability of sack agitation artalag •~ r|cbf where not of enormous estent, n Canada, because political agita- iànd ot enormous extent where they ton will Ions be aware of the for- ^	,
1917: Officers, the position of Boy-Scout he picked up the khaki-covered case. L-—~ n*	WE HAVE LESS THAN 8,000,000 .	Canada's flunks
1917: —even in his convalescence—a com-	the convalescent home—she who must	“~Here	she	is,	captain!" he shouted	urp of our ttbilitv Canada is in	the	ask is tbia»	that whcn ln fighting they	went first, then the sedater sort;	then
1917: As he drew near, one could see that	and apparently impertinent—~was to	Just what happened in the interven-	80mewhat larger than your great	n?en of Canada, the young men	from	what staffs are left are turning out
1917: Canada::~one fine day he was spinnin* along the	you scouts beat everything	for impu-	it which Mr. Jerry Jones described as  for service in Flanders and in	To the Siamese, fish-fighting is	tries department, the color chemistry
1917: Canada::~he run over his old Aunt Emma, and } How it happened cannot be explain- blind could possibly make any differ- Up to this time  has expend- -# national sport.	ment are engaged by the Government
1917: often. She ain’t no good-looker, and lhat s.eî!,, thlngs- s®»d Jerry to^ once!”~	! Canada, and our Government has ar- liantly colored The males are the the research student have suddenly be-
1917: little Boy Scout’~s mind was working pathway which led to l pfield The distant paths down which his sub of the women of Canada that they are strong—if not stronger than the | The fireplace is outside of the wall rapidly. What was the reason of the j “OU8e- 1 sun glinted through the Jects go.	have come forward voluntarily and English, Scotch or American—they and the smoke and heat pass through
1917: Canada::~Head Office: Ottawa. .
1917: Canada::~230 Branches and Agencies in -
1917: Canada::~When sending money out of town always remit by money order The cost is small and they ran be obtained at this bank, same are pay able at par at any bank in . The rate* ire as follow• —
1917: Canada:Canada:~Has proved Itself to be 's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in  on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1917: Canada::~Our Shorthand training 1* universally recognized by the largest employers in  as the standard.
1917: Canada:Canada:~Difficulty that has confronted the Central  Exhibition As sovirttion in securing social railway fares for the exhibition has been overcome. The association has now arranged with the Eastern  Passenger Association for a special rate to cover part of Quebec, eastern and central Ontario and
1917: The association has also been assured of transportation facilities “ Mr. James Howard, for special attractions. This morning, a deputation, consisting of wear mr,—i am sorry to ten you mat | nepnew o Mr. Stewart McClenaghao, presi- No. 146884 Lance Corporal J. J. How- township WÊLË~ I I dent, and J.K. Paisley, secretary ard was killed in action April 9th, 1917, |about 63 years of age and un of the Central Canada Exhibition I jn the attack on Vimy Ridge
1917: Canada::~Gillette Safety Razor Co. of , Limited,
1917: Hthe six divisions is de-lnking process, by which •~ the mut.^ would manure applied at the $054.76 compared with the $727, the printing ink is removed, has been de- rate of 10 to 12 tons per acre, average paid in wages in Canada In veloped for the reclamation of print-
1917: Canada::~In  the enterprise of	the	newspapers, magazines, etc., being
1917: Canada::~Made in .
1917: Canada::~In  during the fiscal year ended June 30,	1915— the figure are
1917: used, because they were those compiled from official records by the Bureau of Railway News and Statistics, Chicago—~the employees numbered 124,142 who received on the average $727 per year, more than forty-five per cent of the gross earnings. Yet in Canada the railways collected only 7.61 mills, or about three-quarters of a cent for each ton of freight moved one mile. The rate charged in the United States for similar service in 1916 was 7.380 mills, or about 1-8 of a mill leas per ton than in Canada.
1917: Canada::~In Australasia, where are established the only democracies constitutionally comparable with , the railway situation is exceedingly complicated and the condition
1917: Canada::~Marjorie Imison, Rosa McCallum, Bor Kelley, Maynard Burton, situation confronting  in |dei Con can, Basil Caldwell, Russell
1917: Canada::~Although the date for the closing of entries for the purses and classes to be decided in connection with the Central  Exhibition Association’s Fair at Lansdowne Park in September have not yet closed, assurances have already lieen received that the entry lists will break all records. The Fair dates are Sept. 14 to 15 and some of the leading har-
1917: Canada::~their horses here for the occasion. Pro- Up ourselves. Patriotism la love of sent indications, in fart, point to the country, love of one's fellow men, love meeting l*ing the most successful in Lf honesty, of purity, of decency, of the history of the Central  hair. Uourage. of fairness, and he whose pa-Many are already in the hands of Secre- trlotlsm does not include these is Grade ii.—Wesley Dagg (promoted); tary J. K. l’aisley. Uth Secretary I*.vis- patriot and he should go away back Willard Elliott, Norval Wilson.	ley and Chairman Walter Cunningham | md sit down when public issues
1917: Canada::~Holder* of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in  during 1917, as residence duties un. der certain conditions.
1917: Canada::~The young couple who have the tjons ane Sub-stations distributed good w ishes ot all for their future tlirou'ont . Grain growers* happiness and prosperity, will re- vegetable grow ers, fruit grower*
1917: Canada::~"ide in the neighborhood which an(j florists in every part of has known them both since child-  may therefore look to this
1917: Canada::~When sending money out of town always remit by money order The cost is small and they can be obtained at this bank, same are pay able at par ut any bank In . The rates arc aa follows
1917: Canada::lias proved itself to be ’s Best Dullness, Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest place»~ in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1917: CANADA:CANADA:~IN . A FIT HOME FOR 'S PREMIER SHORTHAND AND COMMERCIAL SCHOOL,
1917: CANADA::~f r.DAllEVCO Of  LTD W4MIIT0*,CAN
1917: Tricks.	'uit and his weight will shut it. Then “~The people of Canada cannot com- fact emphasized by Dr. C. W. Saleeby Fgas as compared with 1915.	just finished bombarding.
1917: Canada::~Oat lu of of lice signed by	chairman	Mr. Jos. (iilpin visite*! the Island the	& port In  the first division ol
1917: Canada::~he first Canadian contingent were n the trenches and more battalions Acre on the way overseas >utbreak of the war  was ai itterly unprepared as any part of the British Empire. The railroads were lot prepared to carry troops for mo-vovery.	Mlization and there was no military
1917: Canada::~Mr. McGeehan thinks that the soul of  shines most serenely
1917: Canada::~:1m of gas. muttered. "I hear those successful agriculture. Yet by n care-shells again." his companion replied, "ul study of the subject of fertilization 'Oh, buck up!" and that, says the t lias been possible to increase their writer, is the spirit of . The productivity by GG per cent, work at Ottawa is In charge of Lieut.
1917: Canada::~"I mention this side to show how ng out lta pocket stage and watching horoughly  has gone Into the be nntlcs of tho actors, who are so
1917: Canada::~>ver.  has blundered with l nox el.' It is, or ought to be, a pockê~t he rest of the Empire, but Canada dago. Scenery, light, shade, the actors ias come through gloriously stead- hemselves, are made of words and ast with the Empire. We who are lothlug but words, more or less clov-livlded by an Invisible border-line >rly put together.—~F. Marion Craw* ihould find inspiration In the for^ achievements of Canada and learn ’rom her mistakes.
1917: Canada::~When did  first realize what the war meant?’ I asked one iffleer who had been over and who was ‘used up.’
1917: î~eroic generosity of Canada, if the
1917: Canada::~All ovt r , however.
1917: Canada::~! formed by the Rev. Mr. Cook of Yarm,	 ought to have
1917: " Mi> ViXt ïw»~ ' roncerD'ng Canada hae beT
1917: Canada::~itaff. He observes that the only els-nent not flocking to the colors are ;he Frcnch-Canadians and he ii i mazed that this should be so. Apart 'rom the slackness in Quebec, bow-wer, he has nothing but praise fol what  has done and la doing. Some extracts from hla article are ol
1917: Two months after Great Britain î~ntered the war Canada sent to Eng-and Its first contingent, a division ol 13,000 men. These had been raised >y voluntary enlistment, and were fully equipped and partly drilled is tlx weeks. One of the battalions is his division was the Princess P» rlcia's Light infantry. ¦¦ wvnty men of the original battalion ire alive to-day. This division also ncluded the 13th and 14th Battions, from Montreal. These wen he regiments that held their ground jnder the first gas attack at Ypree.
1917: Canada::~The speed with which  re-iponded to the first call is even mors •emarkable than Its numerical eho Great Britain entered thi
1917: Canada:United States:~ployed Is the same as that which Canada sees In successful operation In the United States. It Is the education of Chinese students in the colleges and universities, made possible by the relaxation of the exclusion laws, to permit their residence. In , as in the , the Chinese exclusion law is directed, theoretically, only against the admission of coolie laborers. In Can ada, however, no specific exception* to the law have been made, and Chinese students and teachers have been barred under the general terms of the Act.
1917: Canada::~It is felt In  that, with the possibility of China’~s early entry Into the world war as an ally of the United States and the Entente, the ,,	.	,	.	.countries of the Western Hemisphere
1917: United States:Canada:~In view of this established international comity, ahd of the fact that the educated Chinese h>ve foun that the colleges and universities o the  offer to Chinese 4tud*nts the opportunities they are seeking. It may be that , or any other country which seeks to compete In what was once considered a somewhat experimental undertaking, will be obliged to do more than make what might be regarded as a concession to race prejudice.
1917: Canada::~A short address on the chemical industry in  was recently Provint* ot Quebec,
1917: _______________________———. among»~ tfcese Is Canada. The work terested, and that on Monday, the sixth
1917: Canada::~fiFliRliF F MflRENRY  no 1688 than ,n Ens,and' gated, at the regular meeting of the UUUnUL L« muiiunvi Imay be measured by the increased Council, with or without amendment.
1917: Canada::~But it seems impossible for the julk of them to return to  low or for some time to come owing o lack of passenger accommodation, ind it is stated that even were the *ar to end soon fully eighteen uonths must elapse before tonnage :ould be spared to transport so large body of people.
1917: Canada::~The position of some of these Canadian visitors is pathetic. There ire many whose menfolk are actually >ack in  themselves, wounded ind discharged from the army, others hare lost those whom they allowed to this country, and are iniious to return to their homes and •latives.
1917: •~ m1 at a pace indicating the no#- ing in any shawville slblllty of Canada's leading in the i
1917: Canada::~The William Davies Company offered to the Imperial authorities, as well as to the War Office Service (which represents the Imperial authorities in ) I dare the output of its Factory with respect to Bacon supplies, Canned Beef and Pork and Beans at the service of the authorities, on the basis of cost plus an agreed percentage. These offers were successively declined as the authorities evidently desired to purchase in the oj>e
1917: Canada::~Crop protection means crop production.  loses over one hundred million dollars worth of her staple crops every year through the depredations of insect pests. A large portion of this loss could be prevented. As we cannot afford to lose the smallest portion of our grain and other food crops during the present critical period when the production of food is of supreme importance, the Dominion Department of Agriculture is making every effort to prevent, so far as possible, losses due to insect pests. Crop protection must go hand in hand with crop production.
1917: United States:Canada:~Long before there was talk of a Food Controller in the   T he William Davies Company urged the Government at Ottawa, in writing, to appoint a Food Controller w ith full power to do what he wc realized at that time the upward tendency in the price of food commodities unless checked by official effort. At the most a great deal cannot be done in reducing food prices while currency is inflated and until the scale of prices of all kinds of commodities declines also.	What cap be done can only be done by a
1917: Good opportunity offered young women, desiring permanent work la Toronto, to learn waitresses’~ work la the largest established restaurant la Canada. Good wages paid, best working conditions and fair treatment Write, Phone or Call.
1917: Canada::~Made in .
1917: , •~Uortlne sad Absorbtse. Jr., ar* aide 1o Canada •
1917: Canada::~05 Branches In ,
1917: Canada::~230 Branches and Agencies In . How can You Help Win the War ?
1917: Canada:Canada:~Ha* proved Itself to be 's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in  on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1917: Canada::~British isles, writes an Englishman, 1 above the purple heath* i	M p bought the necessary States, where, as in , oats and I	Range of Air X ibration#
1917: Canada::~It has been quite a long time since!major businesses of the farm, partie- toW cost of $16.00 for the 4 acres, an	are many foods produced in 	for just a moment."	asleep she	would	surely	have	fallen
1917: Canada::~> One of 's Notable Women
1917: Canada:Canada:~This unique distinction is ono veil merited by Mrs. Hennhaw for she has, both ou lier private account and as a member of the Alpine Club ot , explored great stretches of the Rocky Mountain district, to the signal enrichment of geographic science. Her book, "Mountain Wild Flowers of " and her other book with the similar title, "The
1917: Unless very thorough methods are adopted for disseminating this informa Ron throughout the country, a large number of men will come within the PI a ration of the Act without the least knowledge of the fact. Ordinary methods of publication wili not suffice in this case. Despite our lioasted enlightenment, communities exist in remote |«~arts of Canada whose inhabitants read little and who obtain only secondhand-more frequently distorted—re |«orta of things transpiring in the outside world. It is therefore obvious that due care should be taken that such people be not taken at a disadvantage with | regird to the provisions of this far-reaching measure.	1
1917: Canada::~HoUfern o( entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in  during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
1917: Canada::~would justify the taxing of other citizens of this country for the purpose of giving fictitious value to these bonds and stocks. The interest and other charges on  due to the war increase every day and even now are so great that it is difficult to say from what source they can be paid without an economic strain never | hitherto undergone and u cutting down of expenses not yet even be-
1917: NINTH KPISODE-(ConJ) " |	CeUSvd* ami th° mVU We,’°~| o!f Canada, at Ttime when the coun- !	country9^ borrowing ! The remaining proteins, milk, fish.	Fish
1917: Canada::~avenging himself because of what he  s W inters Conserve the her- ^,|pgraph companies, tunnel compan- is also urged that the strongest pos-
1917: Canada::~Made in .
1917: Canada::~are whole large provinces where illi- Kerensky hastened at once to the	Fish For Central .	gt Isidore P. Q. Aug 18. 1894 aching corn relieves the soreness in-	j IT,’	/jl j to do my work. My
1917: CANADA::~CENTRAL  — T
1917: Canada::~There is an article of diet of which there are large stocks in storage in  and for which there ha< been practically no de raand. Thi* commodity is frozen ...I try.
1917: Canada::~230 Branches and Agencies In . How oan You Help Win the War ?
1917: Canada::~denied by the fact of his having In connection with the Fair, R. by 8,080 electors of the city of helped to stock some of the pne-1 Me Janet of Yarm, iiossesses a re- Quebec advoca ting the application sent season s harvest. It is hardly cord, which for antiquity, at least, fbe  Temperance Act in hkely anyone will dispute our I knocks everything else off the that city, and askiifg that a vote fricruls contention. Then hats off perch. He has been a vender of 011 the question be taken. An to Air. Hamm .	• refreshments every year during a order-in council has, theiefore,
1917: Canada:United States:~The International Convention for the protection of migratory birds in  and the , ratified In December last, constitutes the most Important and far reaching measure taken in the history of bird pro It affords the best means of
1917: Canada::~An Appeal to the Citizens of  On a Matter of Vital Importance.
1917: Canada::~place In many throughout .
1917: Canada::~Of the Protestants in  the | college Men Have Gone to the Front
1917: and occasional habitues of the “~lobster latives or friends In Canada or the
1917: Canada::~Hastily glancing around, McQ discovered the room had no wind* but was dimly lighted by artificial means. The ceiling was high and the walls were hung with numerous pictures, their frames set in the plaster, grating to  or the western Never before has the Canadian farmer
1917: Sid a voice eoîï~anded*attentSmf ; eastern Canada are by no mean, in-1 What I. more, high prices are likely "You'll find paper and pencil on the exhaustible; the rapidly Increasing to continue for years after the war. table, Mr. McQuail. Write an order demands upon them are fast depleting -The hog supply of the United | to release the two men you hold pris- the most accessible supplies. The gtatee |8 3,000.000 less than five years oners at headquarters. When it is adoption of more stringent reetrlc- ago,” recently said Dr. J. G. Rut her gritty /"J	tlonl upon cutting 1. M necennery fonj, lhe leading authority on Mve
1917: United States:Canada:~dinary demand. The number of cattle 791 Yonge Street In the  has decreased by some 7,000,000 in the last nine years, and that with many more people to feed. We have, in , the same diminution going on, although we lack the corresponding Increase of meateating population. There has been a tremendous waste in the slaughter of calves.
1917: Canada::~Shredded Wheat was eaten only as a breakfast cereal; now it is eaten for any meal as a substitute for meat, eggs, or potatoes. Two or three biscuits with milk or cream and some fresh fruits make a nourishing, satisfying meal at a cost of only a few cents. Made in .
1917: Canada::~230 Branches and Agencies In . How can You Help Win the War ?
1917: Canada::~Head Office : Ottawa, .
1917: Canada::Has proved Itself to be ’~s Best Business. Shorthand and Cl vU Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1917: nears on the 4th page of this issue Don’t leave a loaded gun around Agriculture, Mr. K. S. Aecht-—‘~Why Canada Needs - More	the house, camp, or any where else.	*Mld, Dominion Animal ILi-hi ml
1917: you cannot take chances on Soap. Four generations of Canadians have enjoyed the creamy, fragrant akin healing father of Baby’s Own Soap—~ the Standard In Canada for nursery use, on account of its known purity.
1917: Canada::~The excellence of our work has built up the largest dyeing and cleaning business in  and is known
1917: Canada::~F. F. Dailey Cn. of . Ltd,
1917: Canada::~Why  Needs
1917: Canada::~has cost  about $700,000,000.
1917: Canada:Canada:~ has spent in  over $400,000,000 on her own account.
1917: Canada:Canada:~ has spent in  on behalf of Great Britain over $300,000,000.
1917: Canada:Canada:~What  spends for Great Britain is really loaned to Great Britain and will be repaid or credited to  later on.
1917: Canada::~So  says to Great Britain:—"I will lend you the money so that you can pay cash to Canada’s producers for what you want.
1917: “~I will also borrow from the people of Canada money to pay cash for all the products that Canada, as well as Great Britain, needs in Canada.”
1917: Canada::~That is 's practical, patriotic part in helping to win the war.
1917: Canada:Canada:~So it is necessary for  to give to Great Britain the credit in order that 's own producers, who need amarket, will have one; and in order that Great Britain which needs the products to win the war, will get them.
1917: Canada::~Great Britain needs so much ready cash to finance her own expenditures at home for herself and for our Allies that she must buy on credit from , and from every other country where she can get credit.
1917: Of course Great Britain’~s credit is so good that other countries, in order to get her trade, are quite as willing to give her credit as we are in Canada.
1917: Canada:Canada:~ wants to help Great Britain not only because  wants Britain’~s trade but because we are Canada and she is Great Britain—both members of the same great Empire, kin of our kin, our motherland.
1917: meats to the public service will be made «~in merit, through the Civil Service Commission, and all supplies needed will be procured through public tenders is one of the greatest reforms ever intro drived in Canada.
1917: Canada::~For  it is both a filial and patriotic duty to supply Great Britain’s needs and remember, her needs are our
1917: Canada::~Neither  nor Great Britain could go to a Canadian farmer and buy his wheat or his cattle on credit.
1917: Canada:Canada:~Now how does Canada get the money by which both  and Britain can pay cash for ’s products?
1917: Canada:Canada:~By borrowing it from the people of  through the sale of ’s Victory Bonds to be offered in November.
1917: “Canada must keep her shoulder to the wheel even though it be a chariot of fire,”~ and the way for Canada to keep her shoulder to the wheel is by buying
1917: Canada::~Next week th's space will tell why  raises money
1917: Canada::~by selling 's Victory Bonds
1917: alien, the nearer the paper ernes to missioner* Lauahren and Tracy, being as good as the wheat. But even Minutes of last meeting read and a big company may go 44 broke. ’~ Back approved on motion of Com*. Tracy of the corporation is a concern whose J and Eanghren guarantee on a piece of paper is better than either. The Hedge of the Dominion of Canada to pay any man money for value received is as wheat and as safe a* the land.
1917: Canada::~Holders of entries must count time of *nploymegt as farm labourers in  during 1917, as residence duties under certain condition*. '
1917: Canada::~pledge of the Dominion of >fiss Wilson, No. 13 School, broom, 65c.  to pay is a Canadian Victory W. A Hodgins, bill gate, etc. _
1917: _ .	- transmission cïÆ~ Cf.it gas- SedUat of	the coyotes .1- M.H.C. Trade School. Are Canada'.	J** wGk.
1917: Canada::~The backwardness of  in taking technical training into her educational system, and war conditions have complicated the work of the vocational training department of the Military , Hospitals Commission in training returned men for civil life from the first,
1917: Canada::~One-sixth of an ounce of butter per meal would mean 18,260,000 pounds of butter wasted every year in . This means tons of milk, herds of cows, and a large number of men to produce this wasted butter fat.
1917: Canada::~Made in .
1917: Canada::~and the Food Controller for , an(J tr,ck over the mountains.	nos* and Interet la life.	But sweeter than the breath of balm
1917: ^Price-fixing must be international, ^veH^M^mî~les'betS^n lOJa.m* O'ntario Leads All Canada in Sunday é^/^AVgGraimlatcd EyeUJg,
1917: Canada::~Mr. Hoover, Mr. Hanna and I have opening to aircraft for peace pur- all the remaining provinces of 	- -	0f selling at this time.
1917: Canada::~per family per year, and for the people of  means 29,200,000 pounds or O ' bushels ' Potatoes should not be peeled.
1917: Canada::~the military service of unmarried men and widowers without children would occasion less distress than that of most others, slnee they are largely without dependent. Also, it would entail less financial burden for , through separation allowances, etc
1917: Canada::~Authorities estimate that, after all proper exemptions have been allowed,  should be able to produce from the first class 100,000 men fit for service, so the drain upon the man power of the country will not be severe.
1917: Category C—~If fit for service in Canada only.
1917: Canada::~95 Offices throughout  Farmers’ Banking1
1917: Canada::~235 Branches and Agencies In *
1917: Canada:Canada:~Has proved itself to be 's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in  on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
1917: Canada::~aity that  should strain every tying the nuptial knot.
1917: Canada::~ON RECEIPT OP 70c Money Order, we will forward to any address In  our soul stirring war pu t AT THE BATTLE OF COURCELETTE," sise of picture l*x24 Inches EXACT REPRODUCTION from original oil painting by E. P. (tartIan. done in nine colors of oil. Picture portrays vividly the heroic charge of the Canadians, and brilliant hand-to-hand action. We are now almost through with our third edition of this remarkable picture. Get one while there Is yet time. This Is an exceptionally low offer direct from publisher to you—
1917: CANADA::~HAMILTON, .
1917: Canada::~connection, but Old Country people, both in the homeland and in ,
1917: lown in Quebec the charge is made t well-organized and well paid gang* toughs are carrying on n lawless cam-gn against all meetings that are v ight to he held in the interest of Vuiou Government. Such meetings ... being so systematically disturbed I interrupted that it is impossible for t nion candidates or their supporters to g î~ ;t hearing. The pernicious teachings f t HourasNt are surely bearing fruit .1 amlantly. Seem* a pity the Huns did nt get him instead ot Dr. Belaud at the beginning of the war however, stood his ground like a man. whilst Henri lost no time in placing niseif behind the bulwark of Britain's \ *' -t. The moment this man landed in Canada again, however, he began ] toison- % bights compatriots with the doctrine, y that they owed nothing to Britain.
1917: Canada::~Kitchener, Out. (formerly Berlin) has v. n for itself the doubtful distinction bf being the first place of any importance t<> wilfully and openly insult a Premier >f this Dominion. Such was the ex-rience of Sir Robert Boixlen on fiat* day evening, Nov. 24th, when he leavored to address a large gathering that place. A hoodlum element, (l to have been oompoeed of lYo-( ernmns from the town and ncighl>or-> od was present in considerable strength, and prevented fifir Robert from getting a hearing. The 1 letter element i Kitchener expressed strong disapproval of the insult to 's first < itizen, and sought to remove the stigma fi nil the town which the outrage créât-id, by asking for a special meeting of the Council, in order that an official apology l»~c tendered to the Premier. The meeting was called, but the lVo-Gvrman preponderance at the Council l> xird blocked any ajiology from going through, and consequently Kitchener remains discredited in the eyes of Canada, and particularly by some of its neighboring communities who have set on foot an agitation to remove the county buildings from there. The incident was an unfortunate one and can only have the effect of damaging the cause of JAiirier and his candidate in whose interest it was planned and carried out. People who howl for liberty and free (bill, and deny the right of free sjieeeh to those who do not agree with their views—as has been going on in muner-r.is places in the lower part of this province during the past three weeks—cannot expect to win much symprthy or approval from those large sections of the country which do not tolerate bull dos ing in any form.
1917: Canada::~Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in  during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions. s
1917: Canada::~There are more than 700 Ford Dealer Service Stations throughout . These are always within easy reach of Ford owners —for gasoline, oil, tires, repairs, accessories, expert advice or motor adjustments.
1917: Canada::~Has been 's favorite yeast for over a
1917: Canada::~Made in .
1917: i»~eiidents, a ml for the Sailors Homes, Institutes and Hospitals in Canada and throughout the Kin-
1917: Canada::~ei 85 year*, le to  with hi*
1918: Canada::~235 Branches and Agencies in -
1918: Canada::~Iks proved to be  a Rest Buainchs. Shorthand and Civ il Service School by taking tho SIX highest places in open competition with all •msinefs and shorthand schools In Cm La,la oa the Civil Sen ulions of May last.
1918: Canada::~has been advised by the Food Con- to the boys at the front. Amateur Relatives in town as well a* troller of all , as well ns finishing a specialty.	numerous friends were greatly
1918: Canada::~ent actr .n. They hail not been train- We spent many a starry night on raiged in  and have proceeded ating.	ture to start cooking.	| lines, a forestry branch in charge of
1918: England:France:~discharged in disgrace. R^ fewjollow- wfre	fork spoon ;azor shav I Fire losses in Canada are chiefly officials in  and .	and his image had become so old as
1918: After many* threats 'which* we despair- in* brulh»~ toothbrush, and comb. All due to (a) individual carelessness, (b) It hag ccme right down to every [to need repairing. In the course of L||f \Vver carrying out, he finally of these were useful and sometimes poor structural conditions, and (c) ar- kitchen in Canada and it is likely to,(JolnK this there was found inside the •greased off.” V* was immediately essential articles, particularly the son. At least 70 per cent, of all fires gtay, there, so that the sooner the image a flaxen bag containing the posted as a desert*;, but to our great toothbrush, which Tommy regarded as are believed to originate from one or housewife rcabzos this the better for , fee‘* an<‘ a PaPvr Wltb the following
1918: Canada:United States:~many had physical defects which were stamped with his name, regimental suranee companies in  and the j ^ then the otherj$ will have to sve mg and the traditions relating to discovered only by the test of actual number, regiment, and religion. A . By enforcing proper	,	Th ,	,	the image it was estimated that the
1918: CANADA::~TORONTO,  |
1918: “That thi> house is of the opinion Lat the province of (jueltec would be imposed to accept the rupture of the xivratt >n pact of 1867 if, in the opinion •~ * he other provinces, the said province >bstacle to the union and the pro ind development of Canada/'
1918: Canada::~with	the	Minister	of	Customs.	I his	states as well	as In , for it	0f political dissension resulting from
1918: Canada::~and increasingly will be a material colony's war activities under the dl *\3) The	transportation of liquor into	part 0f the history of .	reel aegis of the Government
1918: Canada::~any part	of	 wherein the sale	of	On the personnel of the Board It Is	cordingly a non-partisan movement
1918: “~(4) The manufacture of intoxicating miliar to all those who have been |U head, which took over the entire A railway whose total length ol liouoi within Canada will be prohibited	during the past generation endeavor-	work of recruiting, organizing.	track d<>ea not exceed a quarter of a
1918: Canada::~u, nod after a date to be determined	log to assist the people of  to	equipping, despatching, and main-	miie, and whose rolling stock con-
1918: has been under consider- lous Provinces of	•~ also to the history of Lower Canada ^em an overseas, where great glory these goods are loaded at the ngiper
1918: Canada::~the public those w 1	.	Dominion of  since 1867. exceedingly high cost-of human life	¦ BJ j |1	_
1918: “~(2) Tlie importation of intoxicating liquor into Canada is prohibited on and after December 24, 1917, unless it shall have been actually purchased on or before that date for importation into Canada and unless, having been so frur chased, it is imported into Canada not later than the 31st day of January, 1918. The final det<vmination upon any que#
1918: Canada::~Reminiscences of the cradle and infancy of art In  were charmingly given In a recent address by Mr F. M. Hell Smith, the well-known Canadian painter, Mr. Bell-Smith prefaced his remarks by saying that “~art In Canada to-day is not merely fanciful, but Is a wholesome and very valuable reality/' He made a brief reference to Jacobi, one of the beat colorists who had ever come to Canada from Europe, and to Paul Kane and to Krelghoff, a Russian Pole, who won not a little fame as the painter of “habitant" life In the Province of Quebec.
1918: Canada::~It was, however, left to Mr. Bell-Smith's father, John Bell-Smith, to found the first society of artists In  Till» was just after I he settled in Montreal In, 186#. He was Its first president.
1918: “I don’~t know how far back my family dates In Canada," said a Canadian soldier, "but I know that my grandfather was born there and his father before him. I reckon that I'm a real Canadian, all right, and naturally I’m glad when I hear my own place cracked up. But I’m getting kind of sick at hearing the Canadians being praised to death, while the English troops get so little said about them. It isn’t that our fellows don't fight all right, but j when you get down to It I reckon we don't fight any better than any other of the British troops. In a way, I know it’s the fault of the English themselves that they don’t get any advertisement. They’re too quiet.
1918: Canada::~I dli except very heaviest work, 11 and I usually take one morning a week at it. A a to qualifications, 1, of course, had driven a car in , but I took a Royal Automobile Club course here, and after a week's try out, during which I drove an officer,
1918: Canada::~the southern frontier of  vhere w»s tit ^ Kates of Egypt through sick, waking him in the middle of the letting fly at a duck; and, just as in lhe country is brought under develon thv p,'°P°sed extensions of the rail- night by pawing at his door, because that fase* 1 ^ou,(1 a,m» IM>t my tar-ment and where the mi.n<e , road systems of Turkey in Asia her owner had taken her there a year gvt’ *’ut ralher where 1 instinctively roamed in thousands v.m will	through palestine to Cairo itself. And, before when she was sick as now? calculated that target would be when
1918: Canada::~but for the purpose of rendering the schemers at Stamboul who betrayed museums scattered throughout 	symbol of religious and racial differ- ' autiousiy and slowly they advance to-	.	i	Jfeneratmg
1918: United States:United States:~The whole subject of the exportation or milk from Canada to the  has been taken up with the  Food Administra- * tion.
1918: Canada::~Made in .
1918: Canada:United States:~crossed the Atlantic in 20 hours.	 and the  must, tan people to eat less of certain foods
1918: The great Rolls-Royce engines never therefore, in large measure, meet the in order that the soldiers at the front (altered. They brought the airmen to difficulty. In 1915, slightly more than | may not go short is a matter of in-Saloniki, and thence to a base “~some- 39,000,000 acres in Canada were in tense seriousness, where nearer Turkey.” Then the great crops
1918: langys. Moreover, with growing n ieutific knowledge of pc-fol . :vn, many fears once entertained i; ve been dissipated. In I SCO the people of Western Pennsylvania were »hrovn info a panic by the proposal of i: stranger, claiming to be an 1 ura; 'an scientist, to «bool a white-hut boll into the bowels of the earth through an iron pipe driven to a great depth for the purpose. By the ignition of inflammable gases, thought to exist in the great cavities beneath the earth':» crust, the pro-iter expected to produce a si;flint explosion to lay bare the h ib-lervanean reservoirs m oil. The Pennsylvanian populace, instead of viewing this proposal uith the distrust and apathy traditional^ accorded the first efforts of inventive minds, possessed sufficient imagination to picture the possible results, and were so convinced that th»» scientist minimized rather than exaggerated the feasibility of his undertaking, that they selected a email but representative committee to bang him on the spot. Because he had conspired to disturb not only the peace but the actual foundations of society in Pennsylvania he was taken into custody and solemnly warned to desist. Less than a year afterward nitro glycerine was being exploded in large quantities deep down in the earth to shatter the rock and give an outlet to the oil without disturbance to the landscape.—Victor Ross In “~Petroleum in Canada."
1918: Canada::~235 Branches and Agencies in -WAR TAX, INLAND REVENUE STAMPS.
1918: Canada::~in Eastern  where soil and
1918: Canada::~Provincial institutions will be entrusted with the care of the members of the C.E.F. returned to  suf-
1918: United States:Canada:~fantry for shells they would sing out	Medicine Co., Brock ville. Ont.	j in hospitals for the insane for the 350,		and  in the past
1918: Canada::~i scon tent. In  when a strike s declared a board of conciliation, is
1918: Canada::~The best and most effective way of making provision for these sightless people is to immediately increase the Blind Endowment Fund so that it may each a total of $600,000. The income trising from such au endowment fund will enable us to meet the problems of he blind in Halifax in a systematic and practical manner, and would bring to many a one now helpless and hopeless new opportunities to fit himself or her-*elf for the battle of life i eed to help the blind has ever arisen in my country in any j>art of the world mil 1 believe that when the people of  fully appreciate the situation generous help will be forthcoming.
1918: Canada::~pub it. ______ solidly built. The roofs were sup-	Fremh officers were not sure where 11 I)ound of beef, veal or mutton. The	four ounces of bacon a day. 's	$ «...	» w
1918: Canada::~of the Royal Engineers, who superin- owing to the rapidity and the narrow	holes, each ten or fifteen yards from an<1 a decrease in the home con sump-	creased in . Better that we	is an army with a	smile, that it	never
1918: Canada::~were covered with from three to four,'thv battle position.	; back over his head. He had not asked tlon of whether or not we can afford I  must send 25 per cent, more render,
1918: •vou u,ants to 1,0 [nv*n' of "“~'Vt Canada'., future share in the timber .lh,.!ivjn thll. h(. yP	E . " sisters, twins of fifteen, the charge of = Goodness knows,
1918: Canada::~230 Branches and Agencies In -WAR TAX, INLAND REVENUE STAMPS.
1918: Canada::~H is proved itself to be 's Best Business, Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in
1918: Canada::~reiving much newspaper attention in under a compulsory rationing scheme. s. m. a t jonkiw*. Limite.i  at present. It is a thing that In a way this is a new factor which	a^ht^r i,KS.
1918: a half-mile from the German trenches.! just a minute!"	] ^ thought is, “~Where is there a mir* Canada's seven and a half million peo an unseen weapon in the war as truly «Johnny, if I gave you two cents
1918: matter-of-fact voice:—	I if u h a °~ ?C *	t	ver mirrors were almost exclusively wheat in Canada by decree but its in-1 mission’s architect and engineer. 5 in any season within memory.
1918: parapet. The sound was deafening e,d ,,htiS<‘ .«~tremely,, hazardous ad- In Canada great quantities of vege- ,t can be saved for soup or gravy at times, particularly when there were )en ,ur^?	't *! • Çar,y!n ,/ 4hies are grown. On the farms es- j it i8 best of all to^bake or steam
1918: Canada::~is heavy with sugar, and it is to get	milk-producing system. An undue	 $9.46 per hundred.	Oroos, who has studied this matter	realization of this	truth educate
1918: Canada::~Beans may be expected to do well on any well-drained soil, but they seem to prefer a sandy or gravelly loam of fair fertility. Too rich a soil will I The appeal of the Food Controller favor the growth of too much vine and to produce large quantities of maple the beans will not ripen uniformly, sugar and syrup this spring should re- The seed is usually planted with a ceive a ready response from those who grain drill, but when the crop is to be have groves of maple trees. While grown in hills it is best to use a corn I maple sugar can be made as it was in planter equipped with a bean plate, the early days of settlement, with A shovel cultivator is ne/ded for the very simple apparatus, the work is three or four cultivations the crop re greatly reduced and better products quires. For harvesting there are sev-made when a modern equipment is eral kinds of machinery, of which a utilized. For the instruction of those special bean harvester is best, though not entirely familiar with advanced a mower equipped with a bunching at-methods, the Publications Branch of tachment may also be used. The only the Department of Agriculture at Ot- satisfactory method of threshing bean tawa has issued Bulletin No. 2-B en- crops of considerable size is a bean titled "The Maple Sugar Industry in thresher, which may also be used for .” By text and illustration it peas. They are made in various sizes" makes very clear the operation of a some of which may be operated with maple sugar plant. The time to tap, two men and a small gas engine. Such the utensils to use, the refining and a thresher will thresh from about handling of the product are all dealt eight to twelve bushels of beans an with. This bulletin Is available for hour, depending on the amount of distribution to those who apply for it. vines.
1918: Canada::~t . Do these grounds or camps I from t|lv Poet piaster General's pleasure ' k the essentials for properly training Printed notices containing further in îr men. ami thus necessitate their re formation as to conditions
1918: x|lv ’ 18 t u‘ caae> “~remedy Is not wni lvivn.,, each week a box from tlu eyond reach. \\ hat s to hinder those Red Cross headquarters, and we in the fticers coming to Canada to perform home land, through our contributions, he work they are doing in England, I enable them to do this. Four exchanged
1918: Canada::~of the  Food Board bring- Shawville, Clarendon and Austin Clubs, mg the retail grocers of the Dominion who turned out in such numbers in the .nder license. On and after May 1st it zero weather to be present at our social; v.ill lie illegal for any retail grocer to to Mr. and Mrs. Elliott for the list* of xrry on business without a licence from their home ; to those w ho, unable to ’>e he Food Board. The regulations in re present, sent their contributions to si w wirri to this trade are similar to those* their interest and w illingness to a d
1918: Canada::~Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in  during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions,	•
1918: WEST TORONTO •~ CANADA Brigadier General Arthur Asquith, is
1918: Canada::~o a U r> jad aif.K o > V | people in every part of , who Make a beauty lotion for a few cents
1918: Canada::~ORE than 100,000 Fords are owned by people in  in preference to the old horse-drawn buggy and other makes of cars.
1918: Canada::~| for the forwarding of correspondence from  to enemy and enemy occupied territory through the medium of Thos. Cook & Son,
1918: Canada::~235 Branches and Agencies In -WAR TAX, INLAND REVENUE STAMPS.
1918: Canada:Canada:~It is the intention of the Hoard to again prohibit the eating of canned past masters in this bombing work, vegetables, in Eaatenr to Oct. The most noted of them perhaps is 15th., in Western  to Nov. 1st, Corporal 0. Roberts from Trinidad, 1918. This will further emphasize the who Is attached, with a few of hi# necessity of garden production on the brethren, to a Middlesex regiment. Ha widest possible scale.	Is the champion bomber of his batta *
1918: “It ain't been a week, son* it's man bodies. Never before had deathj British and Canadian Recruiting Mis been a lifetime!”~	revealed itself so terribly to us. Many H|on dispatched to Canada 1.089 volun-
1918: Canada::~Every pound of poultry produce raised In  this year will release a pound of beef or bacon overseas.
1918: Canada::~Dominion of  5xh% Gold Bonds
1918: Canada::~obtainable at 98% and interest. Will be accepted at 100 and interest, in the event of future issues of like maturity or longer made in  by the
1918: I’~he tv is talk now of organizing a mk battalion in Canada. The nu n such a unit, it is explained, would l»e small in stature, with a knowledge of mechanic* and profit in machine gunnery.
1918: Canada::~u That it is of the greatest import-nice that all measures tending to in reuse agricultural production or for onserving agricultural labor should K aken by the Government in the interets of the allies and of 's wholehearted participation iu the winning of he war, and that as a means to this -nd all exhibitions and fairs throughout he country should K prohibited for he present year.
1918: Canada::~to lubricate the thrust bearing, u*	1	nrobablv needs u clean- And it is so considered by authoi - RU88jans could not at all understand w^ere German intrigue has been at  wants?’ enquired Lieut-Col.
1918: from the pedal to clutch. Clean the in* a"> P°“	* thing is running Scottish Women's Hospitals, has never nur„~e them."	Foiled in her attacks on Egypt and Emigration for Canada, as he rose to
1918: Germany:Canada:~Proceed to the transmission if that eu at.	 Mans will perhaps never be known., ^ worked was because she recogniz- hn_Bagdnd Railway,  is again men who seek my advice about go. n ..	No country to which war has been ed the rights of all.	reaching out to the East, and the pow- ing to . I ask them if they
1918: The British War Office, which is not uge of fircpr0ofing materials. In a over 50 when she died at Newcastle, wart| the ikon in their word. I hear Aq.ç~g delude themselves with the idea fact that the trained man in what-particular where its fighters come gma|j toxvn in Ohio, Hollandsburg, the i England, last November. I fancy that them now as I write. I do hope," she thgt Germany i8 exhausted and con- ever line it be, from blacksmithing to from so long as they do their trench villagera and the farmers within a the Serbians loved her because she had added wistfully, "that the committee tent themselves with talking while she doctoring, is the man we want in job thoroughly, is satisfied with " The ; ^jins of five miles have combined a determination equal to their own. I approve of this. It means so |g acting?	Canada. He is the man who will get
1918: part of the general scher.e to split the , ^ experiment proves successful, a With her hospital unit she made her is being successfully carried on by her	•~ f rc. ! you when you return to Canada will
1918: Canada::~", of food, and the great demands being made upon  to increase the supply, it is of the utmost importance that the great destruction of
1918: WWjWWPilüiilPIBÜ~WIIlDispusBea vegetable gardening and sparkle, and the step becomes gi (tower gardening, dealing particularly and elastic. Thousands of girls throughout Canada owe their health and attractive appearance to Dr. WII Hams’ Pink Pills and do not hesitate to say so. Miss Jennie Book, Beams ville. Ont., says: —T suffered for over « two years from anaemia, and gradually grew very ill. 'Previously I had been strong and robust, but grew pale and a mere shadow of my former self.
1918: Canada::~In eastern , April and May the worst months for fires resulting from lightning. In Ontario, lightning fires during April and May, 1917, numbered 172, entailing a loss of $168,921, little over half of which was covered by insurance.
1918: Canada::~There are more than 700 Ford Dealer Service Stations throughout . These are always within easy reach of Ford owners —for gasoline, oil, tires, repairs, accessories, expert advice or motor adjustments.
1918: Canada::~Increasing  s Mineral
1918: Canada::~of  under the Forestry Branch of the Department of the
1918: Canada::~great interest to metal mining * lunge us into dark depond, companies in  because this But with words most true and tender oil is necessary for the carrying Some one whispers at our side out of the celebrated oil flotation “ Service he has done to render, process for the extraction of ore. Wanted on the other side.
1918: Canada::~only discovered how to make pine Wfjile we mourn, their voices greet him oil in  but they found that Hail to one so nobly burn !
1918: United States:Canada:~In 1915, Canada consumed over 43.000,000 gallons of gasoline. Of this amount about five per cent, was produced from Canadian crude, while the remainder was either imported direct or produced from imported crude. This fact shows the dependence of Canada upon supplies of gasoline and petroleum from  and strengthens the argument used in a previous issue wherein it was stated that 20 per cent, of the gasoline used in  was produced from Canadian crude oiL
1918: oi Branche»~ In Canada.
1918: Canada:United States:~It is well to remember that the Chinese situation In  and the  Is but a symptom of a treater, world-wide movement. The uovement affects appreciably the whole status of the Chinese race In the impending reconstruction of International relations. To-day the .Chinese Is not permitted to share with the white man the virgin lands Df the temperate zones; to-morrow it may be necessary for various peoples to broaden their vision and to adapt themselves to an oriental who has, through sheer racial evolution, qnall-
1918: -¦	«~ nd reach the coast uoith of | Canada to person* in enemy and
1918: Rev. Wm. J.	Vonoly, whivh (KTumtl	at	Gws Europe to have “~spheres of	In-	| gistered in Canada, an increase ol 47,705	to apply to Mrs. Geo. A. llagg Sliaw-	'	y01** with imligewlion and tried all kinds
1918: Canada::~three weeks ago and was prewiring to ectioa white laborers from economic I which  enjoys is the ever inmake a trip to Yuicouver t«» visit his ! disaster. They have rights no less creasing proportion of motor licenses sister, Mrs. Walter Findlay, when he ' han Hie Asiatics, who. however, of- whj(.h are being taken out by farmers, a was again taken ill.	U"1	'en aggravate the situation by P<>s*njr I fact which in itself affords a strong
1918: Mrs. Vonoly died in Dwemler, 191(5, | J3 r.°10®t3',fuvn^ L1 ÎL i v p wfth °the K^rantee that gwwl country roads will and their only son Wilson Uonoly, who ; ^untry*» institution, and modes of U™ ^ the rule rather than the exeep-enlisteil and left hdin n three years |fe P„~rhaps the immediate problem Ition. ago with the 151st battalion, is at the i lf Canada, in controlling imraigra-present time in a military hospital in ion. is how to apply her restrictions England, recovering from trench fever. equally to every land, excepting the Mr. Uonoly came to Alberta fifteen Mother Country and the variou#	Medals n>r ( avalrymeo.
1918: United States:Canada:~Since the act became operative, thirty thousand draftees have been secured, or will be, during the present month. Then there are upwards of 16,000 volunteers enlisted from Canada or the  since Sept. 1st, bringing ;he total reinforcements up to 47,000. If all these men had been brought to the colors as the direct result of the act, and if the proportions were equally distributed throughout , the result would be regarded as satisfactory. As matters now» stand, there Is urgent need for more men, in view of the Impending and tremendously vital conflict on the western front.
1918: Canada::~More Wheat Than .
1918: Russia:Russia:~According to the Winnipeg Press, the grain production of this m portant Russian province is greater than that of Canada, and amounts N> one-third of the whole n >utput. The Ukraine also produces Ive-sixths of the country's sugar %eets, has fifty per cent, of 's mpply of shiep, goats and pigs, and hirty million bead of cattle.
1918: Canada::~'anians in  to-day, some 3.000 ,	«	- ,	.	^	_______
1918: Canada::~/CANADIANS have good reason to be proud of the position  holds in the world today. This pride is justified by the activities of her people, by her unlimited natural resources, by her splendid institutions, and particularly by her Industries.
1918: Canada::~In comparison,  with its seven million population is a small country—~yet in spite of this comparatively small population, Canada possesses several industries which in actual size rank among the biggest in the world.
1918: Canada::~ixty travelling salesmen to call on the retail trade, because out of approximately 10,000 retail dealers who sell shoes in , more than 5,000 handle A.H.M. Shoes.
1918: United States:England:~There is a big market for maple sugar and maple syrup in Canada, the  and in . Farmers who can’t find local markets should write to Montreal or Toronto.
1918: Canada::~Owing to the shortage cf grains and ensilage, hog feed is scarce in ,
1918: Canada::~There are more than 700 Ford Dealer Service Stations throughout . These are always within easy reach of Ford owners [—for gasoline, oil, tires, repairs, accessories, expert advice or
1918: Canada::~/With the high prices prevailing, field root and vegetable seed growing should lie very profitable. Write to Publications Branch, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa, for copy of Bulletin No. 22, Growing Field Boot, Vegetable and Flower Seeds in .
1918: 04 Branche»~ In Canada.
1918: Canada:United States:~on any point in , , or elsewhere.
1918: Canada::~than in , and It is over of years up to the time of his carry with them the good wishes L 5^ »nR,5La.v,or'hor.?
1918: Canada::~a slimy, sticky, oozy black puddle, re- ln some parts of  the very turned the stare with interest	early vegetable? may now have reach-
1918: Canada::~(Made In )
1918: Canada::~THE operations of Hydro-Electric and 1 Public Utility Companies are a vital necessity to the industrial and social welfare of , and are as essential in times of peace as in war.
1918: Canada::~The  Food Board, it is stated, have decided upon a complete revision of the regulations governing public eating houses of the Dominion. These changes may be looked for in a few days.
1918: Canada::~the auspices of the  Food Board. „ South (lf Poissons the Germans have been doing good work with the wert. thrown l»a<*k on the Crist* River.
1918: Canada::~oaa aaa ! dinary homestead. Unless the appli- will Pay $10,800,000 , produces a certificate of attestation
1918: Canada::~If it be claimed that he Is excepted as a member of the clergy, or of any recognized order of an exclusively religious character, or is a minister of a religious denomination existing in  on 29th August, 1917, or as being a
1918: usa:usa:~they drove their horses full- The known peat bogs of Canada, tilt against the German line. The 1st- covering about 86,000 square miles, ter held for a little and then sagged are estimated to be capable of proend broke and the British stormed during twenty-eight thond million their way clear through the wood to tons of air dried peat, which in fuel the eastern side, the enemy fleeing be- value would equal fourteen thond fore them. Behind them the ground million tons of a
1918: Canada::~power, our Allies still depend on  to maintain her own fighting forces at full strength and to increase her exports of food and war materials, so vital to them, and to the successful prosecution of the war.
1918: Canada:Canada:~Every ounce by which  can increase her food production and evefy ounce  can save in her food consumption is heeded for export to the Allies.
1918: Canada::~Should the war continue for another year, food cards and a rationing system may have to be instituted. It is the duty of  to be prepared for whatever situation circumstances may force upon her.
1918: Canada::~These conditions point to the necessity of  knowing the exaÂ capabilities of her men and women at home.
1918: Canada::~All persons residing in , male or female. British or alien of 16 years and over, will be required to register on June 22nd and truthfully answer the questions set forth upon the registration card.
1918: The information procured through registration will be used —~as an aid to the Military Authorities in procuring the men necessary to maintain "Canada's First Line of Defence"—to mobilize all units of available labor in the Dominion and direct them from less essential to more essential occupations—to establish and intelligently administer a system of food rationing should that become necessary.
1918: Canada::~The Southern  Power CoLimited
1918: CANADA::~We recommend the 6% BONDS of the SOUTHERN  POWER COMPANY, LIMITED, which we are-offering with a bonus of common stock, thus giving investors an opportunity of participating In the future sue-cess of the Company.
1918: Canada::~fully to all parts of . Ask for I age will cause ptomaine poisoning, prie Ust	...I which ia fatal
1918: Canada::~drop them into the brook, and every took him up immediately.	.	lie beef was first offered in any quan-	\r9 favored by Law.
1918: “~Now step over, advifced '	* luck.	came this year an old industry In a ish Columbia, and a minimum of 30,- 0f Canada is a matter of speculation.
1918: Canada:United States:~One by one the little	j of aeroplane engine. They say it was, sold in  and the , public approval the output will be In- being that the colonies should play a
1918: Canada:Canada:~The cost of administration in these colonies is higher than in the Dominion of  and nearly as large as in the Commonwealth of Australia. For administrative purposes  spends slightly over $140,000 a year, Australia over $205,000 and the West Indies $160,000. But it cannot be said that the advantages derived from the expenditure of upward of $160,000 a year in the West Indies for governors, administrators and commissioners can in any way be compared with the ra-
1918: Canada::~| available supply of substitutes in ! Western  warrants.
1918: Canada::~On and after July 1\ every baker must place on each loaf of bread a label or sticker (tearing his name and address and the words " Victory Bread latter expression will be a guarantee that the prescribed amount of substitutes for standard wheat Hour required by the  Food Board have I teen used in making the loaf. Bread w hich does not bear such label or sticker may be seized and forfeited to His Majesty.
1918: Canada::~The carrying out of the Registration ordinance throughout  seems to have been accomplished without much difficulty except in a few localities where it was not properly understood, or in others where a rebellious spirit exists toward anything and everything which emanates from the Vnion Gov-
1918: Canada::~the law-abiding people of  I tained a fracture at the base of the
1918: that they are determined that the kwa sk^'Mr Hll„~ reported the accident to of Canada shall apply to all sections	^dice, he was driving his auto west
1918: Canada::~nui red for Eastern , but such in- Grade IV, Sr.—Doreen Telford 92, crease will be made just as soon as the Viletta Elliott 90, George Dunlop 64.
1918: Canada::~STEWART. ganda or coaxing of any kind and R R No. 1, Shawville. no newspaper campaign aa In .
1918: Canada::~Volunteer Rationing in .
1918: Canada:usa:~The first thousand Fordson tractors purchasable* from Henry Ford and Son by the  Food Board have been sold to Canadian Farmers, who wish to secure such tractors In future should place their orders with the Department of Agriculture in their own Province, and until further notice such orders will be handled in the same way^as the first thond.
1918: Canada::~Motion Picture Fishing Voyage. The  Food Board is circularizing a film taken on board a Pacific
1918: CANADA::~&	ALL  WILL BE BENEFITED	^
1918: Canada::~Young people can perform a great national service if they grow up with an appreciation of the vital importance of  as a g real maritime nation, and they should induce their parents and friends to send in an application for membership. Members receive the monthly magazine The Sailor" and the Button
1918: Canada::~The Navy League of ,
1918: Canada::~^ '
1918: Canada:United States:~on any point in , , or elsewhere.
1918: Canada::~Provinces together with Hon. Mr. Win. Wain man, and daugh- with pearl buttons and insertion.	 Food Board request»
1918: Canada::~In a letter which is being sent to all bakers throughout the Dominion, the  Food Board urges upon them the importance of using these substitutes for wheat flour which are most readily available at moderate prices.
1918: Canada::~length of time necessary for process- states and  taking the balance.
1918: Germany::~that  had to lower her bread	’~	At times the men became so deeper- Canada has been called the granary uniting with their neighbors, Hun-
1918: Canada::~for transportation to  or the	TIIC il/TCIf 1 V CCD MAM	plest and the resulting product is a cathedral is an old landmark.
1918: Canada::~ted States Employment service America's great army of wheat harvesters are prewiring to cross the border into Western  t i* are fav« the vanguard will
1918: Canada:Canada:~Winnipeg, July 2  will launch in the Winnipeg courts next week a te<t case to decide whether Galicians can be drafted in  for any kind of military service, combatant or non-combatant. The Galicians have retained as counsel Fred Heap and J. W. Arsenych, and if a king's liench decision here goes against them, they are provided with funds to carry the question to the Privy Council in London, it is announced.
1918: Canada::~ploy me lit in  is the result of an agreement between the two Govern-
1918: Shirks and Bank streets will probably be decorated for this year’s exhibition on a scale never before attempted. The Merchants’~ Committee of the Central Canada Exhibition Association is making plans to this end.
1918: Canada::~The plan under consideration is that of assessing the merchants on 8}>arks and Bank streets on a frontal basis for the cost of decorating, the Central  Association to do the work. The mmittee pro|>oaes to employ professional decorators for the puqtone.
1918: “~The new system of putting draftees straight into uniform and sending them across to England at once, without any preliminary training In Canada, is an excellent one,” declared a staff officer. “They have nothing to unlearn as did men of the old volunteer system. Their minds are not beclouded with a lot of manoeuvres and practices, which they have to forget. It is far easier for them and for us."
1918: Canada:England:~People in  may feel assured that the draftees in Canadian camps in  are getting the squares» of square deals. All those I saw looked well and seemed quite satisfied with their new life.—-Douglas S.
1918: Canada:England:~All troops on arrival in England from  must spend 28 days In this segregation camp before being drafted off to the other camps to complete their training. Disease some-imes breaks out on shipboard, though generally nothing more serious than a few -sees of mumps >r measles. However, quarantine a i needful precaution, and, outside certain boundaries, no man is allowed to stir until the time is up. Shore Is not granted until the draftee been flve weeks In . On its first day at the segregation camp here Is a muster and roll-call. The second day is devoted to medical and lental Inspection, irdnance and kit inspection. On the ourth morning his web enulnment
1918: We pa? the hlffcaat price# of any firm in the cou ot r y and are thelatgr»~i wool dealers le Canada. Payment la remitted the mama day wool Am race >ved.
1918: Canada::~go great te the demand for airplane spruce by tbs Allies that well as Bltka spruce Is now being  has large resources of
1918: Canada::~been used mostly for the manufacture of pulp, paper and lumber, and the British War Mission Is at present trying to secure In eastern  as A Cincinnati man dis- larfe an amount as possible of the covered this ether com- gradeg gultable for airplane manufac-pound and named It freesone. Any druiR Eastern spruce has for some time gist will sell a tiny hot been ugAd for airplane construction In tie of freezone, like here (he Unj(ed states, although only a shown, for very Utile
1918: Canada::~Is one of the greatest labor-ni vers, and is flow being used extensively and successfully in most dairy sections of the country, and is also recommended very highly by Prof. Archibald, Director of Government Kxp. Farms. The fact that it is being used by twelve Experimental Farms and Colleges in , furnishes convincing proof of its merits.
1918: Duff gave their opponents a hard , "«~U be subject to censorship. came acrog3 a Chinese compound struggle to win. The recent auto items which contain any informa- watched Chinese coolies, who une drive to the Experimental Faun, Hon whatever m regard to mill p about a mon.h ago had never organized and conducted by Mr. tary, economic or political condi- iandled an axe, cutting down trees V. H. Hodge, from many of the tions obtaining in Canada or in ypp the deft skill and swiftness of arguments used had made a deep w*\y allied countries or which con- Canadian loggers, impression on the minds of the tain undesirable information of j During the past month since the men who went. Some twenty-five a,,.V kind will be detained.	experiment was started they have
1918: Canada::~04 Branche In ,
1918: Thursdays publishedI list of men Mr. Andrew Martin, of Cache «'“Îî~ tLi^lth a vanety <)f the tain a sugar certificate from the killed in action included the name Bay, agent for the Geo.* Gordon ,mm> u,w?-	Canada Food Board by Sept. 1st.
1918: commended very highly by Prof. Archibald, Director of ( m»~wi nment Exp. Farms. The fact that it is being used by twelve Experimental Farms and Colleges in Canada, furnishes convincing proof of its merits.
1918: usa:Canada:~thonds or Urchaid trees need things by their proper names, stem-  as well as the eodlera of the TESTIMONIAL wpbwog-	|ach.”~	United States. Any man who tell.
1918: CANADA::~CONTAINS NO ALUM MADE IN .
1918: Canada::~at a time. Rapid fanning of the wings, throughout .	men on time. Territory going fast
1918: Canada::~The  Food Board says : If you lack sugar for preserving try glucose. Glucose oi events fermentation of fruit and crystalliza-
1918: Canada::~04 Branche In .
1918: While vegetables have ’~>een harvested continuously in many gardens in Canada since radishes and spinach were ready for use in early spring, the time has come when the bulk of the crop must be gathered to escape hard frosts.
1918: Canada::~Now every geologist known that not 10 per cent, of *» auriferous land» have been prow pec ted or explored. From Athabasca It the head water of the Yukon, from Athabasca to the Coppermine, from the head waters of the Ottawa to James Bay, in Baffin's Land—are mineral eight that have never been followed up.
1918: Canada::~game of paper chase. City hoy or the hares to start dropping scent,.  does not need to be told Posits, ',ave K«>ne down into quarts country boy after school or Satur-	which they do in »s secluded	a spot as	^at a thing new to world history is	41,1,1 «melting propositions and are
1918: of your fortunate elders are chasing	delay in	so doing contributes to t î~e	^fortunately, gold mining in Canada	fm r" ' ,,an,l)M has literally stopped.
1918: Canada::~lonship, and they divide the scent, may overrun the scent.	and the price of dynamite and chem-! Now  before the war was cannot be done for the benefit of the from Normal school or college and
1918: Canada::~watching the clock. The hares start the scent is their only clue when the mjnee in  are in exactly the within the lives of people living to- ^is tim,î of y*ar» for if 8ch°~o1 trU8' apparently little interest in the work out, dropping no scent. When one hares are out of sight.	same position.	idav; and 0f Hn the fighting nations, tees had Performed their full duty or progress of the school. The inCanada Has Rich Mims.	! Canada and the United States are the ^u*>’ W0ldd have had all such things q>ect«>r s visit, though frequently
1918: Canada::~Thn Premier went to his little house Montagu from the India Office, or between 1906 and 1913,  rank- Though the machine was out of
1918: CANADA::~TORONTO.  WINNIPEG MONTREAL
1918: Canada::~Always readv for use, it takes little to penetrate mthout rubbing and produce results. Clean refreshing. Made in  At all drug stores. A large bottle means economy.
1918: ¦¦¦¦~The attention of the Canada X nice j Foot 1 Board has been called to the i tract ice freuuently adopted by | Licensed Dealers in Apple*
1918: Canada::~a Bulgarian, 22 years of age, and fresh vegetables, without first hav-1 a very low trench leading iroin had been in  five years. j ing obtained a license from the | our front line to Hoi mu s iront tint' ri ,	. v |	•.	,, Food Controller,*’and in violating Here we were mulct
1918: Canada::~Thus, they will follow with pro- ,*>,-*<,nally for my good work during fits to them the advice given by orations. I have also been reeom-the Food Controller of , to mt,nded for a commission by my offi s,ive our xvheat for our own con- ftn(1 j fcel as though I could hone sumption first and for supplying fit by taking out one with my experience oui armies at the fi ont.	out here. Today t wo of our sergeants
1918: Canada::~94 Branche In .
1918: Mortality statistics when com-«~ piled for the Dominion of Canada will show w-
1918: Canada::~The  Food Board has issued a book of reel pee and suggestions for using Corn Syrup. Write to the Food Board in Ottawa, for a copy and In the meantime ro to your grocer for a tin of LILY WHITE Corn Syrup, or CROWN BRAND Corn Byrtfp and try some of the following recipes;
1918: steer quiet until the fracture knit. | given their spare hours to the ac-	WHO PUT THE “~CAN" IN CANADA?	that wc are ready to battle for God's even though we arc alone and far rc-
1918: CANADA::~oppose the steer did not stay very Mines have not left tKe farm, but ate	Who put the CAN in  f	from sin to goodness	¦	¦¦¦¦¦
1918: Who put the “CAN”~ in CANADA?
1918: Whb put the “CAN”~ in CANADA?
1918: Who put the “CAN”~ in CANADA ?
1918: Who put the “CAN”~ in CANADA?
1918: Who put the “CAN”~ in CANADA?
1918: Who put jibe “CAN”~ in CANADA?
1918: Canada::~And  will help to b ase The padi to vktVy—sod Berlin
1918: Canada::~The western grain-growers at a large gathering in Winnipeg last week framed and subscribed to a policy for the government of , which is rather anspicuously at variance with that under which the country is now Wing managed. Still they have not gone the length of forming a separate party
1918: That Teuton conspirators planned, soon after this country’~s entrance into the war, to use German reservists to invade Canada and Mexico, is indicated in the seized correspondence of Fr. Frederick August Richard von
1918: Canada::~The price named by the Board of Grain Supervisors for  for wheat grown in the Province of Quebec is $2.25 for No. 2 Wheat, F. O. B. cars, Montreal*
1918: Canada::~of  our method* of farming	/	, , , , . • t . gom€ teach them to fly over. The larger j *^<1 the bread and pitched them out
1918: Canada::~We want in  more serious end intelligently conducted surveys of our conditions in order that wc may acquire real knowledge of facts as they anc
1918: A child-specialist once Raid to me that if all ç~hildren in Canada were forced to wash their faces, hands and nails before eating there would be a truly amazing fall in the death rate.
1918: TZ7 ANTED: —~AT ONCE. DT PRO-11 rresfitvo Concern In the Niagara Peninsula, the Garden Spot of Canada. Boilermaker* and Drill Operators. Steady employment Engineering and Machine Works of Canada, Limited. St. Catharine*. Ont.
1918: usa:Canada:~Women, too, by the hundreds of thonds, use it for relieving neuritis, lame backs, neuralgia, sick headache. Clean, refreshing, soothing, economical, quickly effective. Say "Sloan's Liniment" to your druggist. Made in . Get it today.
1918: Canada::~Until January 31st, 1919, War Savings Stamps will be sold by all Money-Order Post Offices, Banks, and other authorized Agencies, for $4.00 each, and on January 1st, 1924,  will pay $5.00 each for them.
1919: Canada::~04 Branche In ,
1919: Canada::~Mortality statistics when compiled for the Dominion of  will ehow î—
1919: V Millions and ties, other than Canadian, of U1.01E-Llquld asset# In esc##" of Three Hun- |jj up from S 3 S 4 5 S I & I The ea-d red and Seventy Million I dollars, the tension of the general commercial Hunk of Montreal In reality becomes business la Indicated by fuirent k National Institution that enables Loan* and Discount# of 1144.01».-the manufndtufers and commercial *61. as compared with 1*7.407,«~Of. Interests of the country to realise the while at the same time Loan# i esnurces back of Canada In a period cities Towns and Municipalities •luring which must occur such a hu\e gained to $ 1	040 froitifll.-
1919: Canada::~Throughout the uncertainty of the counte elsewhere than In  war period the Bank of Montreal. $14,#41.SIS up from 01O.O46.S11. while lending fullest assistance to
1919: Canada::~Hank In exactly the position It de- people of  le ehown by tnj aired to occupy when the changw Increase Jn Interest	A11
1919: Canada::~outlook. Much an exhibit could nard- 1 In |he Bank a capital stock In con ly come at a time when It could be nectlon with the purchase or the -calculated to benefit  to a Bank of B. N. A. It 1* assumed the greater extent In the money centres 0mount required to fedeem the of the world. +	shares of that Institution has been
1919: Canada::~I wall back of it. The surgeon and  has entered upon the period
1919: Canada:Canada:~housewives of  which has ap ' compliehed so much during the trying four years of war, is still a national duty, in view of the needs of Europe and of . Our net national war debt is over a billion and a quarter dollars.
1919: The health and happiness of simple living i«~ the lesson the war has taught Canada. This lesson must not be
1919: Canada::~beat receptacle for the purpose, con-	-  during the war. It ham always
1919: Canada::~to the request of the relatives of Br.t-	.	loete.l fish no far a*  is con-
1919: Canada::~own country many a	son of		they are not	qiruled,	Teutonic capitulation. j Biscay and of tbe Portugese coast to
1919: •~T am sorry to say there are only four of us left In the battery, of the GO that came over from Canada with me at the beginning. I hear that we have gut to take our turn for demobilization, but how long It will take It If hard to say. - I am anxious to get back. Best wishes to the boys of tho 113th Division, hoping to be back with them
1919: occupied a large part of Hungary, “She belongs to one of the first your name, anyhow and even established the outposts of «~amiijpg Gf Canada " the Ottoman Empire in the southern . why she 8 an 'lndian aquaw.-part of Russia. 80 far as I can dis-	«Well7”
1919: D. H. Tolman. known from coast to coast as * the “~King of Loan Sharks," has just died in New York, leaving a fortune of $7,269,344. Hi operated more than sixty agencies throughout Canada and the United Stales.
1919: Canada::~mental Stock, Seed Potatoes, etc, etc., grown in  '
1919: *el, by ship, by train, or by road, to ro7o the wife	’~ ,ame 10 Canada ln 1906	enemy air-craft a a ay from a ,Ingle	_____
1919: Canada::~that.  *	[na, who was recently home on leave, are Thomas Hays, who was born at for two enemy machines, one being College.) AppK to	%
1919: Canada:Canada:~time in the history of the United States and  'the 1917-18 crop year was ended without reserves of wheat being on hand States ard  bad harod-their bins in order to protect Great Britain and the Allies against possible and probable in créa ne in the severity of the submarine menace
1919: United States:Canada:~where the farmer knows the difference out<joor	conditions supply their own	lowed to run outside	at the first pos-	farm . But	this	is not visible in  and 	of 1,090,-
1919: Reference-—~Union Bh of Canada. Write for Price List and Tags
1919: Canada::~The case of applying, the quickness of relief, the jiositmi results, the cleanliness, ana SI can's Liniment make it universally preferred. Made in .
1919: Canada::~In ,
1919: Canada:United States:~on any point in , , or elsewhere.
1919: "O. McL.,”~ as he 1s popularly known, both In Canada and the Old Country, Is the son of Adam Drown of Hamilton, Ontario, and was born In 1865.
1919: Canada::~Col. George McLaren Brown, says a friend writing in the "Montreat Gazette," Is one of those rare men whose friendships are equal to the number of their acquaintances. To all In that wide circle the announcement of the new honor which has been conferred upon him comes >a pleasant and very welcome newa. It,Is a recognition of qualities and services which they all know him to possess and to have rendered. The reputation which lie enjoyed In , not alone In the railway world, has been enhanced in proportion to his larger opportunities as European Manager of the Cana» <lian Pacific Railway in London, and the value of his service In the organI» Ration and direction of troop transportation during the war can hardly be overstated. It was am successful as It warn onerous, and although given with no other thought than that of duty, warn none the less deserving 6f recognition now accorded. It was but one, If the chief of his war activities, which were In fact as varied as were the demands upon his help and counsel. In all this McI^ren Brown has been true In both Impulse and action to the Flock of which he comem. Similar Impulses, finding similar expression having regard to place and circumstances, have characterized the long and honorable career of Adam Brown, his father, now and for many years post» master at Hamilton. Active and successful In commercial life, a pioneer 1» railway development, and one of the fathers of the National Policy. Adam Drown mt ninety-six. Is still young In snirlt. giving largely of his time and substance In philanthropy, and to the support of war relief organizations. As Is the father, so Is the eon, strong in his undertakings and, withal • thoughtful, kindly gentleman.
1919: Canada::~Claims Many Victims in  and should be guarded agulnst.
1919: Canada::~Keep a big bottle always on hand for family use. Made in . Druggists everywhere.
1919: Canada::~The policy of the Ford Motor Company of , Limited, to sell it cars for the lowest possible price consistent with dependable quality is too well known to require comment. Therefore, because of present conditions there can be no change in the price of Ford Cars.
1919: Canada::~NE of the most famous law suits In the history of  will be that which has Just been started by Sir Charles Ross, who has brought suit against the Dominion Government to recover $18,897,724, as damages In connection with the breaking of the contract for the purchase of the Ross Rifle. The amount named is a revelation to ordinary Canadians. It Indicates how the men who make supplies for war expect to prosper financially when a great war does break It is a tidy little Income for
1919: Canada::~Ross claim on  than per-	Robt. Rogers telling Just whom he
1919: Canada::~the war that  has to pay an	gad time to tell how a supposedly	Lt.-Col.	Peck, now commanding offl- | tice will Ik* given when date of same is
1919: nd the only—~Victoria Cross won by a member of any British overseas Parliament in the great war Just ended comes to Canada. It was won for valor by Lieut.-Col. Cyrus Wesley Peck, D.S.O., Conscrlp tionist Liberal member for the new constituency of Skeena, British Columbia. Col. Peck was a successful candidate In the general election of last December. He is a lifelong Lib-
1919: Canada::~Largest list of Fruit and Ornamental Stock, Seed Potatoes, etc. etc., grown in .
1919: Canada::~to permit of planting	a young tree	attention more quickly than wiUl a very smell, but few ducks could be	sion of Conservation. The r armera	and suitable sorts arc now be- j The  Food Board has beer
1919: Canada::~*.f an orchard elsewhere is desirable, prime and packed to stand a long keeping the children out in the ; are losing it before it is too ate. II ^ done at ail.	.
1919: Get your bottle today—~costs little, means much. Ask your druggist for it by name. Keep it handy for the whole family. Made in Canada. The big bottle is economy.
1919: Canada::~Every person who in 1918 resided or ordinarily resided In  or
1919: Canada::~wss employed in  or earned os business in	including
1919: Canada:United States:~Is milking over 30,000 dairy herds in the country now, giving the very Ix^t satisfaction. Some of the largest and most valuable dairy herds in  and the  are now milked with the Hinman
1919: Canada::~A War-Savings Certificate with a W-S.S. in each space is a Dominion of  “bond” for the payment of
1919: work of a moment to write in the Those are more expensive than the wintiow of the upper hallway, as	, "JT*,	^V?y' ^ Î~6 Price to 400 or 500 francs a ton, and Canada I Valorous Achievement
1919: Canada::~mental Stock, Seed Potatoes, etc. etc. grown in .
1919: United States:Canada:~Because of the fuel shortage that is facing the  and  a new fuel is to be Introduced known as “~carbocoal." A plant is being erected In Virginia for the protection of this substance which is a by-product. Its use has been tested by the United States navy and two railroads, which pronounce It a valuable smokeless fuel. By a new process bituminous coal is treated In such a manner as to recover greater quantities of such valuable by-products as tuloul, sulphate of ammonia and valuable oils. From the residue is made the smokeless fuel “carbocoal” in the form of briquettes.
1919: Canada::~Mr. John Fraser, auditor-general for the Dominion of , died rather suddenly on February 28, at Dntona, Florida, had gone a short time ago for the benefit of his health.
1919: Canada::~94 Branohe In .
1919: Canada::~ed to the important noeition of	10  last week.	appeals of the Temperance party
1919: Canada::~Cream Separator Co. of , Mr. Alex McDonald, formerly of Limited, a firm in whose employ town) arrived here from overseas he has been for several years, first last week, and as the time elapsed as traveller, then in 1917 as sales since he left here has wrought the f./n TinV of' snru
1919: Tho materials we iss art the richest in the world for eleiptiü~is of crop growth, and they art combined by expert chemists who have knowledge of every foot of Canada's soil. What crops are you Springt 6e* your dealer about Gunns "Bhur Gain" now of reel Hut cheapest fertility.
1919: Canada::~The Potato in  No. 90.
1919: Canada::~Keep a big bottle always on hand for family use. Made in . Druggists everywhere.
1919: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders on sale in live thond offices throughout .
1919: Canada::~Surely no shrine Is higher Or worthier 's son,
1919: ‘ wading the action of Commons, how-1 Quebec shall la* a prohibition province •~ ver, the cities and towns in Canada are Ior	the tavern of North America.
1919: Canada::~Every other province in  has prohibition. A Dominion-wide enactment prohibits the manufacture and importation of intoxicants.
1919: Newfoundland, dry since Jan. 1, ’~17 Canada, dry in 8 Provinces.
1919: Canada::~_	.	,	1 Leaves  Poorer by Millions of while toilet soap is at $5 the piece.; by Americans sympathetic to a good Lord of the British Admiralty and a mander would not have hesitated.
1919: man war vessels in the North Sea, “~Since Confederation, Canada has tional institutions are already issu- A WOMAN'S GALLANT FIGHT." manager of the Bohllkhand & Ku | Caution Needed in Use of Sprouted the Baltic and the Atlantic was erec- lost about three-quarters of a billion invitations to their students to I	= '	____ maun Railway^ After that, life for
1919: CANADA::~Schools. Let me briug one out to j^DE IN your home so that you can see  For yourself what a close skimmer v
1919: Canada::~Central  Exhibition this	Mr.* James Rooney. Also	Lots Nos.
1919: Canada::~94 Branche In ,
1919: oeediugs, and the fact that he has than that which governed the trl- given In marriage by her father, effects of her injuries a few hours at last won out in what all along weekly it will replace. This was attended by her sister, Nilrs- later. A forty-mile gale was blow-fccmed a hopeless task, shows change, it is to be hoped, will not ing Sister Lydia Acheson, who iug at the time. Three other what may be done through the appreciably jar the nerve»~ of the spent three years on service over- buildings were damaged. The loss exercise of undaunted persistency, travelling public.	I seas and returned to Canada is placed at $fl,400.
1919: Another isolated London village in the Government." atands at the corner of Wimbledon view once expressed by Lord Morley. Bakers will be interested to know Common, Just where It dips down to Sir S. P. Sinba, Under secretary for that one of the benefits Instituted by Caesar’~s Well. Its cottages face the India, on whom a peerage Is being the Canada Food Board under the common, and are all very old With conferred, is. however, the first Indian licensing system Is to be continued as : them goes the inalienable right to use j to receive a post in the British Home a private undertaking. This is the the common as a drying ground, a Government.
1919: Canada::~To Assist 's Bakers.
1919: (let your bottle today—~costs little, means much. Ask your druggist for it by name. Keep it handy for the whole family. ' Made in Canada. The big bottle is economy.
1919: —~An electric system made for Ford cars by the Ford Motor Company of Canada in their own factory ; built into the Ford motor which has been re-designed for the purpose.
1919: Roseauna, beloved wife of Julius K. and three days when death overtook him. Steinke, leased to the Great Beyond. The deepest sympathy goes out to the Deceased had been in very good health arrowing young widow, and his brother, till about 10 days before the end, so her L, wep M to deceased’~s parents in Quy-death was not expected, and all b" 0n, Que., Canada, children but one were present, and he
1919: 23 years of reliable trading. Reference—~Union Bank of Canada Write for Ta#e.
1919: Canada::~From the most southern part of the Province of Ontario to Dawson City and to the shores of the Atlantic the cabbage can be grown successfully. It does beat in a comparatively cool tempera! ire wanner parts of  the best success with cabbage is obtained by Wa ing an early croo which wUt
1919: Canada::~In the Rich Mountain Mines of Western .
1919: Canada::~Miners working at a coal-mine In the Cascade. Mountains of  do not descend a shaft, but have to climb up a mountain to a height of nearly a mile.
1919: Canada::~The coal obtained la anthracite, and this la the only anthracite located so far among the vast stores of coal In .
1919: Canada::~Fourteen per cent, of the soldiers  sent overseas ware farmer boys. Forty-three per cent, of the soldiers who return will become farmers. These facts, riven out by the government, furnish an interesting sidelight on the changes war has made in soldier psychology.
1919: Canada::~sold gtxrls valued the British Kinpir t unity to get a la waiting for 's action opinion of the Canadian mission.
1919: o keep to the bed and to the the |nfurlated pussenger yelled repeat applied science depends entirely on lars and found the effigy of the Queen house during the period of convalesc- tid]y growInK more and more angry that of pure science—the theoretical (which they bore on one side, the re ence, regain their normal health and ag tke wurd falled of lt3 expected ef- science of one day Is the applied verse side showing the Austrian doubli strength In a week or two weeks after f#ct At laat the Englishman leaped science of the next. It seems to me eafcle) so attractive that they sought recovery; but not a few are left In a tQ the ground violently seized the that there is something so vitally im- to obtain more of them, for sale as weakened condition. depressed in j drlver and touted “R&kastansunla!” Pé~tant In this, not only to the Indus- jewelry. Later on they became high-mind and body and ready to contract ftt hjm g0 violelntly that the boy, with tries of the country, but to the honor- ly popular as a medium of exchange any other infectious disease to which afi expression of terror on his face, able position which Canada is to take in mercantile transactions in Arabia they may be exposed. A person In droppad the reins, Jumped out of the among the nations of the world that and when at intervals the Turkic* that str.te is not 111 enough to be con- vehlcje and ran for hlg m9 across our Dominion Government should take Government proh/bited their importa fined to the house—yet he Is not well country while the horse galloped cognizance of it. The supplementing tion, a large and profitable business enough to resume his daily work; and away dawn the road	I of industrial research work by echo! was done in smuggling them through
1919: Canada::~had occurred to the	postmaster,	who	realize that the future of	 de- inal die, which is of rather crude
1919: The first instalment of “The Bear of Silver Dale' by George Gilbert, the well-known outdoor wi iter, appears in Rod and Gnu for June. This is a thrilling story of adventure along the trap line. Anyone interested intheTimagami Forest Reserve would do well to read the splendid article entitled “~A Seven Day Canoe Trip tells of the doings of eight red blooded young men in the north country. Robert Page Lincoln, the author of Fishing Notes Department, is the writer of an interesting and instructive article on summer camping. In addition to several other stories and articles the regular departments are included in this splendid number of Canada's premier sportsmen’s magazine which is now on sale. Rod and Gun is published by XV. J. Taylor, Limited, Woodstock, Ont.
1919: Canada::~I Am Content With .
1919: Then they picked up the box and read the message on it: “~Fcr two good grandchildren, to help out this Canada of ours."
1919: CANADA::~A SONG OF .
1919: Canada:Canada:~, 'tis  !
1919: Canada:Canada:~, 0  !
1919: Canada:Canada:~, my  !
1919: Canada:Canada:~, in  !
1919: Canada:Canada:~, 0  !
1919: Canada:Canada:~, 0  !
1919: Canada:Canada:~, 0 !
1919: Canada:Canada:~, 0  !
1919: Canada:Canada:~, 0  !
1919: Canada::~privilege to become acquainted with the measure* adopted by , particularly during the lent two yearn of the war. and I know the difficulties the that had to be encountered and the ^ remarkable efficiency achieved. ,iPro-ductlon was thoroughly organised, and having regard to Its enormous territory, Its diverse conditions of climate, the few crowded towns and the sparne settlements, the achievements of Can ada in furnishing food supplies at the gravest period of the war, have for the Dominion an admission of deep obligation and profound appreciation."	, o
1919: Canada::~The Motherland Expresses Profound Appreciation of 's Effort In Food Production.
1919: Canada:Canada:~Something that should have an important bearing on trade relations between the Motherland and , whose opportuneness the Canadian Trade Commission impresses up business community, is the British public's warm appreciation of what was done by the Dominion in the war. The very name of  appears to strike a chord of sympathy, and to arouse a desire for closer association. It would be putting a somewhat ignoble and mercenary construction on this to state that it simply opens a
1919: Canada::~If proof were wanted It would be found In the cordiality of the remarks recently published broadcast in English and Scottish newspapers of the British Food Controller, the Right Honorable George H. Roberts. M.P. (by the way. one of the finest types of the democratic, self-made labor men In the British Parliament) Roberts, after remarking that  had not found it necessary to adopt compulsory rationing in Its food control methods, said:
1919: Canada:France:~"The measures adopted In  to Increase production and conserve food, combined with the fact that the British Government was able to keep the sea route clear, made it possible for Great Britain and her allies to overcome what was their greatest enemy, Insufficiency of food. In 1918 the situation was very critical and food became as important a problem as that of munitions For example, In Decern 1917,  held supplies of
1919: Canada::~Aspirin Is the trade mark, registered In , of Bayer Manufacture of Monoacetic-acidester of. Salicylicacid.
1919: Canada::~m e eoncern to the people of  | eign Bible Society, a few words
1919: Canada::~federal arena, as has been predicted, he General of  will certainly leave matters in a healthy | rons are Their Majest > K -	(
1919: flVLL. nif‘~mb<*ring ,low Gils shy, brave and Its Cultivation in Canada,	Making of Hand Grenades.
1919: Canada::~came out to  in 1911 as a	instructions for the gardener who	usually says with pursed lips and a
1919: times. “And I—J can’t say anything rose_ieaf 0f a hand (emitting a tri- Do not wait till life is over and be s Canadian Trade Commission, that he wants to hear. Best forget it—~ umphant chuckle of delight when the	underneath the clover,	cogt Qf manufacturing in Canada for
1919: “~Placing Canada on the map of trade," is the hap>y way in which Mr. W. B. Ramsay, Montreal, who represented a group industry in London, and who has brought back heavy orders to Canada, describes the work of the Canadian Mission in London.
1919: Canada::~In , thanks to the energetic steps taken by the Dominion Department of Agriculture, the farmer* are being encouraged in every way to go In for the cultivation of flax manufacturing end also la being promoted. Canadians believe thqy can make themselves entirely Independent of foreign flax, and they are equally confident that their projected factories will make It possible for them to weave abundantly and of the very best of linen fabrics.
1919: Canada::~Four years ago the flax fibre Industry In  was so small that It was Insignificant. The year after the con-
1919: Russia:Canada:~in the Dominion. Fibre is being grown! in Ontario superior to any quality of the n product and equal to the highest continental standards." | Some millions of dollars are now devoted to developing linen weaving mills in , and It Is the determination of our manufacturers to Increase these establishments and to make the Dominion a great linen centre.
1919: Some who watched Saturday’~s march of the overseas troops fanci< 1 they detected the emergence of i -tional types. Seeing large bodies < f men from Australia, Canada, and New Zealand In the mass Is a different thing from coming on equal numbers scattered in various places. It was the long succession of faces which seemed to imprint on the observers brain a recognizable com,,	tll _	,	, ..... posite photograph, as it were, of the
1919: Canada::~Army Put  on French Map.
1919: France:Canada:~That business men in  are turning their attention to  aa a source of supply more than before
1919: Canada:France:~to speak, an advertising force for Dominion trade. A typical Instance Is quoted by the Commissioner General for  In , who in describing the requirements of a large importing house says:—“~I sincerely believe that much sentiment exists here In France from the many interviews I have had and continue to have with men of all sorts—~business, commercial and professional. I believe that the sentiment exists that purchases would be much preferable from Canada than from the United States. There Is a great deal of love for Canada shown and Canada has become known from the many lines of endeavor undertaken by the Canadian Army."
1919: Canada::~The excess of males over females In Dominion is 437,347, which Is an excess percentage of 130 males per 1,000 females, the male population being 3,821,995 and the female 3,384,648. The number of females per 1,000 males is 886, the deficiency of females as compared with males being greater in  than ptobably in any other country. The disparity Is especially strongly marked in the Western Provinces. The last census showed that the number of females per 1,000 males for each province was: British Columbia, 660; Manitoba, 622; Alberta, 678; Saskatchewan, 688; Ontario, 942; New Brunswick, 956; Nova Scotia, 961; Quebec, 980; and Prince Edward Island, 991.—Canada Year Book.
1919: marked with the “Bayer Cross”~ is now made in Canada and can be had at your druggist’s in handy tin boxes of When ordering goods by mail send 112 tablets and larger “Bayer” pack-
1919: Canada::~Lumbago, Colds, Grippe, Neuritis. Aspirin is the trade mark, register-piles of I ed in , of Bayer Manufacture of packing Monoaceticacidester of Salicylicacid.
1919: Canada::~Our service to farmers is as plete as 87 years of growth and know' 'edge of 's agricultural con^ dition can make it.
1919: CANADA::~Head Office: Montreal. OF  Established 1864.	|||	- A BARGAIN -
1919: Canada:Canada:~the garden and touched all the flowers, The sheep and goat industry in turning them to pure gold? And how Canada continues to grow, not only happy he was till he tried to swallow on account of the money to be made a potato and It turned Into a lump of from mutton and wool, but the fact gold in hie throat? And until he kissed his little daughter and turned her into a golden Image? Stars 1 Wasn't the golden touch hateful to him then? He cried and moaned till the fairy stranger told him how he might rid himself of it. I guess youi Bred Sheep and Goats in the Dominion remegiber how he plunged in the of , issued by the Sheep and stream at tjie bottom of the garden i Goat Division of the Live Stock as the fairy had told him to. How he Branch and procurable, free upon applied his vase with its pure water and plication, from the Publications sprinkle^ it over his little daughter Branch, Ottawa, gives the names and Marigold, so that she'turned to warm addresses of breeders of recognised flesh and blood again. Then you breeds of sheep and goats in all parts remember>he ran into the garden and of . Ontario leads in the num-sprinkled the rest upon the flowers ber of breeders of pure bred sheep, so that they turned from gold to their while goat breeders are most mimer -natural colors again.	ous in British Columbia, where the
1919: Canada::~that goat# are considered to be immune from tuberculosis has been the great factor in the encouragement of milch goat raising In a number of the provinces of . Pamphlet No. 17, a Directory of Breeders of Pure
1919: He was tracked to a position within Jumping over Dick's body, he was min*‘ expl°~ded "*th terrifle force, shaped piece which now he laid on drug store or toilet counter will sup- Aspirin is the trade mark, register-two or three hundred yards of ^the just in time to deliver a tremendous lcaimg lugh houlilors and fragments	that paper on the seals, and the piece	ply three	ounces of orchard white for	ed	In	Canada,	of	Bayer Manufacture of
1919: The original world-famous Aspirin marked with the "Bayer Cross ”~ is now made in Canada and can be had at your druggist's in handy tin boxes of 12 tablets and larger “Bayer” pack-
1919: Canada::~ing , must have pretty good j yeH ts t)jcj
1919: Canada::~ed butter, cne-half cup grated cheese, In  at present we have three one-half cup milk, one-half teaspoon members of the fair sex who are alder salt and one-eighth teaspoon paprika, men—Alderman Mrs. A. Gale, of Cal-After boiling rice until tender, mix g»ry, who at this writing is acting in milk, batter and seasoning. Add mayor of the western city; Alderman grated cheese and place in baking Mrs. M. B. Hill and Alderman Mrs. Bake until brown. This is nice H. J. Hanna, both of Alberni, B,C. In
1919: CANADA::~HeadOffice: Montreal. OF !-
1919: Canada::~Tl* Gillette Safety Razor Co. of , Limited, Montreal, Que.
1919: I—~	He 1 ulatui y Addresses -By III* Excellency the Ooveriuir-Oeneral of Canada. Sir Jams# Ai Una, Lieutenant-Governor of Manitoba and
1919: usa::Women, too, by the hundreds of thonds, use it for relieving neuritis, lame backs, neuralgia, sick headache. Clean, refreshing, soothing, economical, quickly effective. Say "Sloan's Liniment”~ to your druggist Mads in Canada. «_Gct it today.
1919: Canada::~as cheaply as cotton, gives  an I	fected plan,
1919: Canada::~come one of 's Important In- > Qutracing the sunbeams and cleaving
1919: For Cold», Pain. Headache. Neural- j package which contain» complete d$-giâ, Toot hache. Earache, and for reel ion». Then you are get ting real Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica. Neu Aspirin—~the genuine Aspirin pre-ritia, take Aspirin marked with the scribed by physicians for over nine-name Bayer or you are not taking teen years Now made in Canada. Aspirin at all.	Handy tin boxes containing 12 tab-
1919: Canada::~Aspirin It the trsrto murk /registered In ) cf Bayer Manufacture of MonoWhile It la well known that Aspirin meamc Bayer • selnrt imitations, the Tablet» of Bayer Company kl 1'aCe mark, the "Bayer Croaa**
1919: Canada::~^ANADA caught the spirit of these longings, and at once resolved to satisfy them. It was an appalling task. Shipping was tragically scarce. The composition of the Army of Occupation had not then been settled. And other parts of the Empire as well as  were looking for the speedy return of their men.
1919: A taken more than four years to transport to the field of battle. To bring them home in a few months was a gigantic undertaking—one to tax all Canada’~s ingenuity and resources. Canada solved the problem, but it meant crowding into a few short months, an expense lor demobilization which it was impossible to foresee.
1919: Canada::~fhe half-million men that  had overseas had
1919: The answer to the question “~Why docs Canada need another Victory Loan?” divides itself into two parts, (a) To finish paying the expenses of demobilization, and the obliga-PHH tiens we still owe to our soldiers, (b) To provide national working capital.
1919: Canada::~Three national expenditures arc war expenses. They will he accepted readily by every citizen who gives thought to t.-:e task which  ficcd following the Armistice, and to the success with which she has met it.
1919: must borrow money from her £~ivc credit, temporarily, to Great Britain and our Allies. Actually, no money will pass out of Canada. If Canada does not give credit, other countries will; and they will get the trade, and have the employment that should !>e ours, to distribute amongst their workers. And remember, we absolutely need these orders to main-
1919: Canada::~These, then, a-e some cf the things for which  needs national working capital. She is in the position of a great trading comp ny, and her citizens who buy Victory Bonds are the shareholders.
1919: Canada:Canada:~Furthermore, soldiers who desire to become farmers may, under the Soldiers' Land Settlement Act, be loaned money by  with which to purchase land, stock and implements. The money so advanced will be paid back; meantime each loan is secured by a first mortgage. Up to August 15th, 29,495 soldiers had applied for land under the terms of this Act; and 22,281 applications had been investigated. and the qualifications of the applicant approved. For this purpose  this year requires $24,000,000.
1919: Canada:Canada:~Issued by 's Victory Loan Committee in co-operation with the Minister of Finance of the Dominion of .
1919: Canada::~The Delpark Tie of , manufactured
1919: CANADA::~THE  STARCH CO. LIMITED,
1919: tive pole of the battery covered with ginning of the third year; tjiat is. if laboratories at Ottawa. Winnipeg and ’ years, their strength begins to do a greenish deposit which is caused you have token the best care ofwt Calgary, reported over 35,000 seed cllne at twenty-live, by the battery solution creeping up and feel reasonably sure of its in- tests for the year ending June 30th. pigeons carried 709 messages for the post and attacking the metal	terna! condition —~that the plates are	The growth of seed testing In Canada	the R A F. between April.	1918, and the
1919: Canada:Canada:~The Hou. S. F. Tolmie, 's new Minister of Agriculture, has summed up the outstanding facts of 's agricultural position in an article appearing in the November number of European cities have paid little at ten The Agricultural Gazette. He pre- tion to modem lire protective equip-
1919: “~I am confident that this Dominion, | Canada has developed very elaborate through the development of her natur- j and efficient fire-fighting facilities. As al resources, w ill in time wipe out her regards appliances, methods and per-debt. Forests, fisheries, and mines all | sound contribute their part of the revenue, but by far the greatest returns will be derived from agriculture, which industry we must continue to establish in permanency and increase in magnitude. One of the greatest responsibilities that falls on either the federal of Europe. To prevent rather than to provincial department of agrlcul- extinguish fires has not impressed ture is the conservation of the great public bodies in Canada as being a wealth that lies in the virgin soil. In- part of their functions. Consequently, numerable considerations are involved the annual maintenance costs of city in this one problem, but the whole af- tire departments average $1.43 per "that you are the only member of the fair can be accomplished if we engage capitp, fire losses $L’.96 per capita, and staff who has a pen knife?
1919: Canada::~In mixed fanning with live stock as a I insurance rates SI.18 per capita in Dunno, sir, replied the lad, un This is the fundamental prin-j  as compared with 21 cents, 71 less it's because my wages are so low
1919: usa::Women, too, by the hundreds of thonds, use it for relieving neuritis, lame backs, neuralgia, sick headache. Clean, refreshing, soothing, economical, quickly effective. Say "Sloan’s Liniment” to your druggist. Mad»~ in Canada. « .Get it today.
1919: only genuine Aspirin,—~the Aspirin Headache, Toothache. Earache, Neu-preseribed by physician* for over nine- ralgia, Lumbago, Rheumatism. Neuri-t#en yearn and now made in Canada. I tie, Joint Pain*, and Pain gi neially.
1919: England:Canada:~The Prince of Wales reached Porta "Wnouth, , on Monday morning on the return voyage from h euUr tour of  and tl
1919: Canada::~The Dominion Seed Branch with laboratories at Ottawa, Winnipeg at rid Calgary reported over 3.1,000 *eed tests for the year ending June :*0th The growth of seed testing in  is indicated from the l ift that only 5,775 samples were reported in 1909. The great bulk of the wot k in our seed laboratories is done between September and June when each laboratory may handle up to200 samples per day. Only ten samples are tested free of « barge for any farmer or seed merchant during the season. Over this number, the service is charged for at cost.
1919: It’~e for sale by dealers everywhere in Canada. Costa no more than ordinary coal olL
1919: Canada::~plans for the emigration of exImperial service men, who, he experts, will avail themselves in large numbers of provisions in the Dominion Land Settlement Act, are being completed by Lieut.-Col. W. Obed Smith, Canadian Immigration Commissioner in London, Eng of the fact that the Military Service Act passed by the British Government has practically made every ablebodied man an ex-service man, we anticipate a large percentage of such anxious to take advantage of the provisions of the act, which offers them free transportation to a port of landing in ,” said Col. Smith.
1919: Canada::~ropeMH nection with the work in Europe under my supervision will be taking charge of all Dominion Government exhibitions, and it is hoped to greatly stimulate tourist travel to many beauty spots in  through the agency of such exhibitions."
1920: Canada::~eminent test contains almost double feeding value of any other make sold in , and nearly three times the actual fat of some kinds sold in this locality.
1920: Canada::~more especially true In the Lee was Inclined to he a spendthrift, tries that are being newly opened up, and hla lavish use of money often such as Western . Among the brought upon him the paternal reproof winners at the International Soil Proof his older and more discreet friend duels Exposition held at Kansas City - and the reproof was often followed recently at least one, if not more, of by affectionate assistance' In extrl- the successful exhibitors was bom and eating him from his embarrassments bred In u city and only became a farm-Mrs. Washington was almost equal- er after he had reached manhood. !y fond of the young officer, who often 1 John W. Luca*, who won prizes for made long visits at Mount Vernon, white oats, brome grass seed, barley During one of Ills sojourns there, and rye, had never been a farmer un-IIarry Lee remarked to his host at the til he settled on his homestead in Chy-breakfast table:	ley, Alberta, sixteen years ago. How-
1920: Canada::~Mr. Du cas was born In one of the cities of Eastern . Like many other boys whose parents are in moderate circumstances be earned money after school hour» delivering newspapers and In various other odd Jobs. Leaving school, he says, he got a real Job at six dollars a week and later came West and woiked in Winnipeg for a year. He had always felt a desire to become a farmer, however, and It Is not surprising that the call of the Canadian Government for settlers for free homesteads at once appealed to him. He came to Alberta In 1903 and located on his homestead In Cayley, In the southern part of the province, the same year.
1920: Canada::~The ease of applying, the quickness of relief, the positive results, the cleanliness, ami the economy ot Sloan's Liniment make it universally preferred. Made in , gbc, 70c, |1.40.
1920: The nairv "Bayer” on A plrln is; of "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin” which liko 14 Karat on gold. It positively contain* proper dir étions for Colds, Identifies the only genuine Aspirin,—~ Headache, Toothache, Earache, Neu-the Aspirin prescribed by physician* nlgia, Lumbago, Rheumatism, Neuri-for over nineteen yean and row tiw, Joint Fains, and Fain generally, ma.In in Canada.	Tin boxes of 12 tablets coet but
1920: Canada::~% "• or 13 -v it WncT* i hat Aaplrin meena Bay
1920: Canada:United States:~Now, for nineteen y cam, a littlo Institution known as the Reading Camp Association has been quietly and effectively carrying on In  this very work that the  has just undertaken practically no official backing, sup-
1920: Canada::~And now, because at last the work has prospeied. and because neighboring nations are awakening to the need which in  has been met since 1900. the Reading Camp Association has been granted a charter Splendid as this mu scry service by Ontario under Hie name of the might 1h\ it is sincerely hoped to Frontier College, and Alfred Fitz-be but a part of a larger Patrick, founder and director of the scheme that will eventually furnish tor movement for nineteen years, hag
1920: ...‘~V* m r r, . ,t , ,i .	, He returned to Canada and in 1900
1920: Canada::~The Secretary informed the council tint #110,04m. of the County's Sinking Fund had been invested in  Victory Bond", I !)1D, to mature in 1934. ami filed the receipt from the Bank of Nova Scotia for that amount dated 7th November, 11)11).
1920: Canada::~habitant of  is on the sick list	the iron industrial sections of JJriey
1920: CANADA::~HcadOffice: Montreal. OF ! W¦##¦¦¦
1920: Canada::~Keep a big bottle always on hand for family use. . Made in . Druggists everywhere.
1920: Canada::~teen years and now made in ., tia, Joint Pain*, and Pain generally Always buy an unbroken package! Tin boxes of 12 tablet* co»t but
1920: __*¦~ otrede mark <rwgi*fored In Canada) of Bayer Manufacture*nf Mono-
1920: Then the 111tig party of five set their faces towards the future. None of the family wer* provided with lives j food, extra clothing or blankets. Such game as fell in their wa>, together with edible roots and berries, formed their daily in «~mu. Their att Canada at large. I tent ion was concentrated upon tind-
1920: Canada::~forces during the war place  well {)> 10 riieans hil^e- Game wsu* scarce,
1920: Canada::~not employing native troops. The Do mink)a of  is credited with 640, 886 effort
1920: Canada::~The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in  will meet in Chalmers church, Ottawa, the second week in June It is expected that over 800 ministers and laymen from all the pro "Tilines of the Dominion will be in the city that week to take part in <iie deliberations.
1920: Canada::~Sir Jo. m Ai ni Is one of 's captain# uf financf, whose position of general manager of one of our largest bank*» enables him to make an
1920: Canada::~Speaking of 's oversea# trade, Sir John remarked that “the rate of exchange is one of the difficulties in the. way. 1 am hopeful that, once the Peace Treaty is ratified, some arrangement will be effected for stabilizing the rate of exchange—
1920: Canada::~[t would not be an easy matter, i if desirable, to abolish the position of I ten tenant-governor, because the appointment is required by the British North America Act, the constitution of , and the provinces have allotted to him various duties not common to all. For instance, in British Columbia, the lieutenant-governor Is authorized to transmit by message to the Legislature the draft of any law which appears to him to be desirable. And in Quebec, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia he appoints the member of the Upper House or Legislative Council, In Quebec he appoints the Speaker of that body.
1920: Canada::~Pratt Food Co. of , Ltd.
1920: Canada::~Tho declared housing policy of the Quebec Government is to spend Its apportionment of the Federal loan In the promotion of garden suburb and garden village development, which indicates that Quebec will lead the way In  in this important social movement. By this method of procedure, large blocks of suburban and country land can be bought at low figures and thus the greatest obstacle to cheap and better housing Is reef moved.
1920: Sheep should form a part of the live stock carried on the average farm Just as well as cattle, lu—~see or swine. Enough unused pasture and roughage go to waste and weeds go to seed every year in Canada to produce hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth of mutton and wool. In 1871, there were 8,155,509 sheep In Canada and in 1911 according to the last census figures there were 2,174,300. This Is .an enormous decline in the Industry, when it Is realized that th«~ lesser number In Canada In 1911 were scattered over a much larger area, due to the opening up of the West.
1920: Canada::~It would seem that, If increased production of wool and mutton is to be brought about, it can best be done by the keeping of more small flocks on the average sized farms of .
1920: Canada::~management. Cheap buildings are satisfactory as shelters. Sheep require no protection except from snow, rain and wind. In , they are subject to few diseases and require but little attention except at lambing time, which makes the labor problem in this enterprise a minor consideration.
1920: Canada:England:~The fuel problem in  Is no 1 gans by which most of the consonan-less Important than In 
1920: Canada:Canada:~at from 20 to 30 cents each. "Fur A Conference of Fur Farmers, Fur Farming In ," published by the Dealers and Trappers has been called Commission of Conservation in 1914, by the Commission of Conservation quotes autumn muskrat skins in East- , t0 "i*et in Montreal on the 10th and ern  at 25 cents for large skins 20th of February. The programme for and 16 cents for small. To-day, the conference is not yet complete, autumn muskrat skins are bringing In but will Include addresses and dlscus-
1920: Canada::~The present demand for skins and the high prices now being paid will probably lead to the establishment of muskrat farms In .
1920: Canada::~strong and Mrs. Simon Barber, of hooper SI., Ottawa, .
1920: France:Canada:~When on. the morning of March 22 this first great Canadian sale begins, as hundreds of buyers from the United States, Great Britain,  and , eagerly outbid one another for the finest average furs ever assembled at any sale—then you’ll be glad you have your furs on our floor.
1920: Canada::~neuralgia, without suspecting that ing animals. The rapidly growing In- feed, cqun. parts by wi-ignt o corn, anaemia or bloodlessness Is the cause, dustry of fur farming has become 'vh*;ot and oats, 10 pounds to Tho blood goes to practically every thoroughly established In  and birds per day. Ihrce pounds in H e part of the body, carrying oxygon and it Is anticipated that many fur farm- morning and seven pounds at night:
1920: Canada::~| down a river them doing In  plained the method to his foreman, Old Boh.
1920: (let your bottle today—~costs little, means much. Ask your druggie tor it by name. Keep it handy for the whole family. Made in Canada. The big bottle is economy.
1920: The name "Bayer” on Aspirin 1*, of "Beyer Tablet* of Aspirin* which hke Sterling on silver. It positively contains proper directions for Golds, Identifies the only genuine Aspirin,—~ ! Headache. Toothache. Eerache. N the Aspirin prescribed by physicians nVria, Lumbago, Rheumatism, Neuri-for over nineteen year# and made In Canada.
1920: Canada::~The Dominion Bureau of Statistics has issued the final estimate of the yMd and value of th^ principal field crops of  for 1919. The total yield of wheat was returned as 193,-#60,400 bushels from 19.125.968 -own acres, an average yield of better than 10 bushels per acre. In *19 18 the corresponding figures were 189,075.350 bushels from 17,353,902 l yield p^r am* of 11 bushels. The yield of oats was 394,387.000 bushels from 14.9E2.114 acres, an average of 26.25 bushels as compared with 28.75 bushels per acre in Barley gave a return of
1920: “~More than 200 branch bank the chartered banks of Canada have been established in as many towns of the Canadian West during the year. There could be no belter sign of prosperity than these new i- :,
1920: Canada::~only is Western  being rapidly settled but the tuwnu are showing a tine. steady development."
1920: Canada::~appointed to the vacancy In the Senate or , formerly held by the late itoi Landry >r Quebe* really us a Qtiebc chosen, and thus, reil now looks upon him as her v-iy the city of Quebec can claim
1920: Canada::~suffering from war disabilities,  established an organization absolutely unique in the world, and one
1920: Canada::~than a year since the death of Sir Rodolphe Forget, president of the Quebec Railway. Light, Heat & Power Co., 'fourni the only name suggested as a successor was Lome C Webster's; the Merchant*' fitpit  abided him tj luv boardi ne bfc cànlé a director of Hie Montreal Tramway Co.; he wis chosen as president of an entirely new line of activity, Holt, Renfrew A Co.; and only recently his name figured on the directorate of the Canadian Fur Auction Sales Limited—and there is u foot-note append 'd, to tlie »*ffvct that Lome C. Webster has been the • leading" spirit in the organization of this movement to make in • anada a world fur centre, us it was the fur-trading centre of the world In the olden days. Nor must he he forgotten as one of fh" most active • ‘he directors of t>^ vv" “ ^"
1920: Canada::~mediately think of [an extra good line of ]> k knives. These have been off the market for tl years. A new shipment has arrived in  an ! we succeeded in getting .some 1 :J patterns well worth your inspection.
1920: Canada::~On i et urn to  amputation cases are sent to the Dominion Orthopaedic* Hospital, Toronto, which is in charge of the Canadian Army Medical Corps. Afterwards on being sent to their homes the*patients can receive fitting and attention at the nearest depot, and may, if necessary, secure replacements and repairs.
1920: Canada::~tivitiM in the financial, religious or philanthropic life of  Whether this *will extend to politics must remain a sealed book for the present. Lome Webster has been, and is, a good many persons in one, but he ha» never evinced a desire to be a politician.—Financial Post.
1920: Canada::~is on sale by dealers throughout all . No matter where you live, you can get Imperial Royalite quickly and easily. And you will buy it again and again when you get acquainted with its great merits. It is highest grade, thoroughly refined coal oil, and nothing but that.
1920: Canada::~A shapeless mass, flattened against will set the standard for other govern-J the side of the hole, Ills body battered mental forestry organizations through i to a lifeless pulp by the awful force out .
1920: Canada::~Canadian eeed-growere have cup-tyred the trade formerly held by Oerroany In .
1920: Canada::~Is the School that leads all Bus! ness and Shorthand Schools in  in open com petition on the Civil Service Examinations.
1920: Canada::~the individual resi>on*ible had con- The mil ways, so far as the trunk  is the largest con-umei fined this manifestation of his lines are concerned, will continue of wheat in the world, hgmeil on sympathies for an anti* British or- to run on Standard time ; but it is a |*»r capita bam*, » •> bushels, canization to his own premise*, probable that local aervice#—such, based on an average production nothing much would have been | for example a» the Gatineau and for the past ten years, the com pi la-thought of it, but when he select-1 Pontiac C. P. H. lines—may ad- tion being made by the t inted *<] for the demonstration a public va nee their schedules one hour, in States De|>artinent of AçrR'lllt ,,\ee building — the property of the order to conform to conditions in Belgium is next with s.d ousheK
1920: Canada::~The woman In town, or country, has the same advantage as her sister In the city lu expert advice from the best known firm of Cleaners and Dyers In .
1920: Canada::~Maple Sugar In  I» l 7	&
1920: Canada::~The Warden reported verbally that following the last special session of the ncil he with the See. Treasurer had proceeded to Ottawa on the 23rd Feb-retry, and on calling on tlie Manager of the Hank of Nova Scotia had been informed that  Victory f»l Bonds maturing in 1934 had fallen in value to S$%. After telephoning the Standard life Assurance Co. and writing them a letter, and in view of the fact that they had been authorized to sell the Victory Bonds at 99 , they had decided to pro cecil no further in the matter. The Sec. Treas. read and filed vorresjMmd-mase with the Standard Life Co. dated X3nl and 24th February, 1920.
1920: Canada:Canada:~ployed in , or carrying on business in , are liable to a tax on income, as follows.*—
1920: the Auditor’~s Report for the year ended 11 gf Dec., 1919. showing $ 118,025.36 (including $105,000.00 invested in Canada Victory Bonds) in the County’s Sinking Fund on that date ; a cash bal-snre of $988.56 in the County Hate Account in the Merchants Bank at Shawville ; arrears of $3,956.02 of Sink mg Fund, $607.15 of County Kate, and $&5.00 of Special Kates due from the local municipalities ; total assets of $11.3,832.09 and liabilities of $214,650.00
1920: Canada::~If the Ford Motor Company of , Limitai, is able t<- build up to the limit of its capacity, only *-'7,dût» Ford Cars can he built h r use in Canada
1920: Canada::~between .Taimai v first and July the thirty-first of this year. Divided among the total population of  this means one ear to every three hundred and ten
1920: Canada::~Several new and Interesting records In the Insurance business, were made by the Sun Life Assurance Co. of  during 1919 The 49th nnnual report of the company has just been ! published and shows that the new business actually issued and paid for during the past year was $86,648,860. being an increase of $34,967,457, or Rut there will always be isolated 67 7 per cent., over 1918. The tre-families not. in touch with laundries,| mendol,a business of the Suu Life will end for such families equipment for realised when it is slated that ap-home-laundry' work is of great im- plications for new assurances retained Water am! salt are both essential P°rtance. First and foremost must during 1919 exceeded one hundred
1920: Canada::~Owing to the remarkable develop-or electricity, is the ment In the business of 's
1920: Canada::~op  were passed in 1919.
1920: Canada::~Keep a big bottle always on hand for family use. Made in . Druggists every where.
1920: uino Aspirin,—~the Aspirin prescribed ralgia, Lumbago, Rheumatism, Neuri-ly physicians for over nineteen years tie. Joint Pains, and Pain generally, and now made in Canada.	Handy tin boxes containing 12 tab
1920: Canada::~Aspirin la the trade mark (registered In ) of Bayer Manufacture of Mono-firetlcacldester of Fallcytlcarld. While It la well known that Aspirin mean* Bayer i enufacturc, to ass let the public against Imitations, the Tablets of Bayer Compang will be atampiJ with their general trade mark, the Bayer Cruan”
1920: Canada::~We have purchased a site in the heart of Ottawa on which we] purposed erecting one of the most modern plants in .
1920: Canada::~Humboldt district of Western , last week amounting to a quarter of n million dollars These lands are on the Canadian Northern Railway, and are -aid to be of the best quality.
1920: Canada::~Is the School that lead- all Bind nes- and Shorthand School- in  in open competition on the Civil Service
1920: CANADA::~MADE IN  and guaranteed by
1920: Canada:England:~ produces DO per cent, of the lobster supply of the world, and In addition, the finest lobsters lobsters of the New  coast are the little brothers of the noble crustaceans native to the more northern and colder waters of Labrador, and, indeed, Canadian female lobeters are selected for use In American
1920: Canada:Canada:~Perhaps the most famoua of these memorials of the past In  is the Chateau do Ramezay in Montreal, which has remained almost untouched since the days of the old French regime. It was built in 1705 by Seigneur Claude de Rameray, eleventh gove nor of Montreal. Here ho kept open house with his wife, whose hand was the reward of his gallant sortie with 800 men in aid of Quebec in 1690, when the Count de Frontenac, governor of , fended off the English fleet of Sir William Phipps.
1920: Canada::~In 1768, after the cession of , It was again the residence of the governor, and invitations to receptions held there during the following century are still in existence.
1920: Canada::~The Chateau was headquarters for the army of the Continental Congress In Its fruitless effort to hold  for the thirteen colonies. After Bene-diet 'Arnold failed In his treason he retired to Montreal and stayed there j for a time. Benjamin Franklin lived In the Chateau when he visited Montreal In 1776 in his effort to persuade the French Canadians to Join the new Ration to the south, but his was a vain hope. During his stay there he established the Montreal which Is still running.
1920: Canada::~AsDlrtn Is the trade mark (registered In ) of Bayer Manufacture of Mot" •rm te |tsw<4 IrltU tbelr general trade t *th, the “Bayer
1920: Canada::~(real, Quebec, .
1920: Canada:Canada:~If the Ford Motor Company of Canada. Limited, is able to build up to the limit of its capacity, only 27,350 Ford Cars can be built for use in  between January first and July the thirty-first of this Divided among the total population of 
1920: Canada::~It is curious that men who profess to speak with authority can offer such opinions. In the current Issue of Rod and Gun In  Robert Page Lincoln tells of a speckled trout taught by E. E. Rosalter near Stratford, Ont., on July 2$ last, which was 23 Inches In length and weighed 4% pounds. So far as we know this is the best speckled trout caught last year.
1920: England::I days in —~we use it in Canada today. Compare it with any other white lead or white paint, and you will decide that your house—or anything you wish to have truly white and remain white— must he painted with this brand which has survived as the leading white lead for nearly two centuries.
1920: Canada::~Is the School that leads all Busi ness ami Shorthand Schools in  in open competition on the Civil Service .	Examinations.
1920: Canada::~price for  the man w ho invents a ? tirly de<
1920: Canada::~W. C. Edwards Co. and (iilnumr-Hugh-.<un Co. This is the biggest deal in connection with the lumber t rade ever put j through in . The merger will control 12,(XX) square miles of limber t limits and enormous water powers in
1920: Bonnycastle Dale, the well known naturalist has written and illustrated a splendid article descriptive of trapping conditions in Rice-Lake, Ontario, during the 14)19 season. This appears in the June issue of Rod and Gun in Camilla along with nine other stories and articles dealing with the wild life in the great out doors of the I )ominion “~The Red Gods*" are calling in-istently now that grim winter snow* have gone and even if yon are not in a position to enjoy the real outing that you live, you can live again the happy day* of former outings by reading the pleasurable narratives set down by fellow lover* of t he wild*. The June i*-ue of Canada's national *port*men’~s monthly contain* the u*ual high cla** Guns and Ammunition. FLliing Notes. Conservation, Kennell and Trap Department*. Bod and Gnu in Canada is published monthly by W. J. Taylor, Limited, Woodstock, Out.
1920: Canada::~This bank began its career in 1832 when  was largely an agricultural country, and during the eighty-eight years of its life it has always given special attention to the care of farmers' accounts.	x
1920: Canada::~IH the School that leads all Btwi ness ami Shorthand Schools in  in open competition on the Civil Service Examinations.
1920: Our Montreal Bureau wires—~The sudden spectacular rise in Spanish River preferred was ascribed to th*i fact that the stock had been tippet wide!3 all over Canada over the weekend. This resulted in a rush of order* and as many of them were at tho market, brokers had to get the stock at any price they could.
1920: Canada::~Based upon the figures of the Labor period was in the city of Victoria Gazette of Ottawa a comparative where the weekly amount rose from chart of the cost of living in the four- $3.23 to $4.61 or $1.38. Halifax rose principal cities of  has $1.15, Toronto .92, Westminster .82, been prepared by thc Vancouver Sun, St. John .46, and Hamilton 30. Other which furnishes a very interesting cities remained the tame with the ex-
1920: for most make* and model* of care. Your old. D.eken or worn-out. part»~ replaced. Write or who u* deecrlb-Ing what you want. We carry the largest and moat complete stock In Caimda of slightly ueed or new parte and automobile equipment We ship C.O.D, anywhere In Canada. Hatla-fmrtory or refund In full our motto. Shaw’e Anto Salvage Part Supply, 923-931 Dufferln St.. Toronto, Ont.
1920: lets po rely identifier e only grn nine Aspirin,—~the Aspirin prescribed by physicians for over nineteen years and now made in Canada.
1920: Canada::~Aspirin Is the trade mark (registered In ) of Bayer Manufacture of M acetleecldeeter of fallcyUcsrtd. While It la well kno
1920: Canada::~Is the SofTool that lead* all Thud ness and Shorthand School* in  in open competition on the Civil Service
1920: Canada::~Lodge of , who le holiday- time. H. I.mi sun, Artist.
1920: 8 pieces GK 36 and B. Kingcot Shirting—~beit made in Canada —bought several months ago.
1920: Canada::~The Tailoring is known all over , 'hie Styles have to he seen to he appreciated.
1920: Canada::~Central  Exhibition
1920: Canada:Canada:~for most makes end models of cars. Your old, broken or, worn-out part* replaced. Writs or wire us describing what you want. We carry the largest and most complete Block In  of slightly used or new parts and automobile equipment. We ship COD. anywhere In . Satisfactory or refund in full our motto. Shaw's Auto Salvage Fart «apply, Duffertn it., Toronto, Oat.
1920: For Colds. Pain, Headache, Neural-j package which contains complete di-gia, Toothache, Earache, and foi récrions. Then you are getting real Rheumatism. Lumbago. Sciatica. Neu- Aspirin—the genuine Aspirin nre-ritis, take Aspirin marked with the scribed by phveicians for over nine-name “~Bayer" or you ere not taking teen years. Now made in Canada. Aspirin at all.	Handy tin boxes containing 12 tab-
1920: Aspirin Is the trad© murk <r*g\§~fered In Canada) ef B.-iver Manufacture of Mono-
1920: Canada::~Is the School that leads all Busi ness ami Shorthand Schools in  in open competition on the Civil Service Examinations.
1920: Canada::~Mis-es M. K. Stevenson, (i. hnglmul t|ie Kvv. A. H. Lupt-m. ol Mutin E Field	Cliai tens, sails for  Octo-
1920: Canada:Canada:~Rod and Gun in  lor October will especially appeal to followers of the trap-line. The lead ing story in this splendid issue of ’s premier sportsmens monthly is entitled, “Animicki-waeh Lake.”~ Illustrated with six pages of photographs taken right on the Trap-Line by F. V. Williams, it will appeal to everyone who ever had dreams of capturing the many fur-bearers which go to make Canada the richest jn wild
1920: Canada::~The woman in town or country has the same advantage as her sister in the city in expert advice from tho best-known firm of Cleaners and Dyers in .
1920: Canada::~Likely to Represent  at Geneva
1920: Canada::~The Ford Motor Company <>f  it is reix>rted has made net profit* on the year’s production ot cars, amounting to over four and a half millions dollars, or (>7 |**r cent of the seven millions of capital stock out-standing. Now, why could not our astute friend Henry have been conteut with about half of this huge amount and thereby rendered it possible for more of us to enjoy the delights of a “Lizzie ?”
1920: Canada::~you may consider buying ewes to carry for three or four hours. If they are were beginning to bestir themselves . This does not mean that, over, in this case, examine the ewes to be fed in a dry lot. start the grain	the evil called child labor, an where it is necessary, older children
1920: in city street trades, home industries, Nearly a‘~century ago humane people on farms and in canneries all over beginning to bestir themselves Canada. r™ J	^	"
1920: Canada::~mated to a male in its second year, Ag a resuit she frets and worries and of attention throughout . The	*
1920: Canada::~There is not a nook or comer in , in the cities, the towns, the villages, on the farms mines and lumber camps, where Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have not been used, and from one end of the country to the other they have brought back
1920: Canada::~You have only to ask your neighbors, and they can tell you of some rheumatic or nerve-shattered man, some suffering woman, ailing youth or anaemic girl who owes present health and strength to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. For more than a quarter of a century these pills have been known not only in , but throughout all the world, as a reliable tonic, bloodmaking medicine.
1920: For Cold*. Pain, Lumbago, fltMT- package which contains complete dine**, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Neuritis, reel ions. Then you are getting real and for Headache, Neuralgia, Tooth- Aspirin—the genuine Aspirin preache, Earache, take Aspirin marked embed by physician# for over nine-with the name “~Bayer or you are teen yean. Now made in Canada, net taking Aspirin at all.	Handy tin boxes containing 12 tab*
1920: Canada::~Aspirin Is the trsde mark (registered in ) of Barer liansfastare ef U ncetlcacldeeter of Fallcylicadd While It le well known that Aspirin means tisref manufacture, to assist the public against Imitations, the Tablet# of Bspsr will be t tamped wit* their general trade mark, the "Bayer Cross,"
1920: Canada::~Is the School that leads all Huai and Shorthand School* in  in open competition on the Civil Service Examination®.
1920: Canada::~Upp^r , lies hidden, the natives $f the said Province of Upper 55m). Pee—$1.50.
1920: Canada::~three children, daughters, born to him by his said wife, all of whom are of the Legislature of Upper  living, who are between the ages of
1920: Canada::~Powell, of Upper , also came monii from his said wife.	¦¦¦¦¦¦
1921: Canada::~*)f " aial Shorthand School' in  in open competition on the Civil Service Examinations.
1921: The Rev. Dr R. I*. Mackiiy, Sec i ,n MLS!,ra; Art. Shaw aud Wilf. rotary of Foreign Mission# in the ^‘~lpp, two members ot the.ohi Presbyterian Church of Canada, ; ^bawville lioekev team, were will be at the service oil Sunday j ?Jnon.K. ^jlose wbo *pent N«‘v evening in* the village Dr. Mae- ' ea 1 h 111 town kay is an ex-Moderator of the Gen-1 Mi' Rnvin Hodgin*, of Lauren-eral Assembly and one of the most j turn \ lew, has gone to the Lumber esteemed of the Well known men Camps of the Jas. Davidson Co. on
1921: Canada::~menting it in place with  bal- woul<1 be recovered by Imposing a
1921: Canada::~died at Sherbrooke, in , in 1891, aged 98
1921: Canada::~in favor of  in the West
1921: Canada::~J no. Stewart.	," said Mr. Cooqpr
1921: Canada::~Service Stations in , all supplying genuine Ford Parts and prompt and efficient regular service.
1921: Canada:Canada:~That the question of proper protection of rural water supply is of extreme importance in  la shown by recent statistics compiled by the Quebec Provincial Board of Health. While 59 per cent, of the population of that province is served by waterworks, the remaining 41 per cent, relies on shallow or tubular wells. Assuming the same proportion throughout  would lead to the conclusion that nearly one-half of our population is supplied from wells.
1921: Canada:Canada:~ing what you want. We carry tbe largeFt and moat complete stack In  of slightly used or new parts and automobile equipment We ship C.O.U. dnywheie In , tiatle-factory or refund In full our motto, ¦haw's Anto Salvage Jart ¦ up ply, •as-szi Duff# z*m St. Toro ale. Oak
1921: Canada::~Home, V.C., of Lucknow fame. This lady has just written of how the leaf became a medium typical of 's sincere homage to that host who, fighting, fell, leaving no trace of their Identity.
1921: For Colds, Pain, Headache, Neural- package which contains complete di-pi a, Toothache, Earache, and for rections. Then you are getting real Rheumatism. Lumbago, Sciatica, Ncu- Aspirin—the genuine Aspirin pre-ritis, take Aspirin marked with the scribed by physician» for over nine-name “Bayer”~ or you are not taking teen years. Now made In Canada. Aspirin at all.	Handy tin boxes containing 12 tab-
1921: Canada::~Aspirin Is the trada tnerk (registered In ) of Barer Manufacture of MonoWhile It Is well known that Aspirin means Bayer ngalnst Imitations, the Tablets of Bayer Company al trade mark, the Bayer Cr
1921: Canada::~Is the School that leads all Husi ness and Shorthand Schools in  in open competition on the Civil Service *	* Examinations.
1921: Canada::~in . Bonnycastle Dale tells The Young Men's Bible Class of a large and delighted audience, tioniipplyto Mrs, Thos.^^lacfarlal^ iL of his experience with snakes and Bristol Presbyterian Church, (illustrating with clearness and j R. No. S, Shawville ¦	'fm
1921: Canada::~eagles in various parts of  Maryland, Que., have just com- reality the work of the Associate this issue. In addition to these pleted an item of their program, tion and the Forestry Branch-two stories there Are six others of I which we Believe , is unique in equal interest by such well known Bible Class work—their 4th annual Nature writers as George R Bel- Short Course" in Agriculture was
1921: Warning! Unless you see the name I “Bayer”~ on package or on tablets you 1 are not getting Aspirin at all. Take Aspirin only as told in the Bayer package for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache, Lumbago and for Pain. Then you will be following the directions and dosage worked out by physicians during twenty-one years and proved safe by millions. Handy tin boxes of twelve Bayer Tablets of Aspirin cost few cents. Druggists also sell larger packages. Made in Canada. Aspirin is the trade mark (registered'In Canada), of Bayer Manufacture of Monoace tic-acidester of Salicylicacid.
1921: Canada::~hand, and the sound of a voice that is Service Stations in , all
1921: Canada::~In 1913  took nearly 200,000 tive labor, and is therefore useless for Immigrants from the Old Country, the unskilled man. It would be mad-Now, partly owing to trade difilcul- ness for an Englishman to go to Peru ties, and partly owing to the fact that unless he had a job to step Into on she has her own demobilized men to landing.
1921: The Dominion Forestry Branch has published a pamphlet “~Native Trees of Canada;" the nomenclature adopted therein might with advantage he follower! as a standard throughout Cana-
1921: England:Canada:~Other high functionaries in France will doubtless follow suit, and the practice of official killing will soon be es obsolete there as it to (except in the case of a newly-elected mayor, somewhere or other) in  and .
1921: Canada::~Is the School that leads all Business and Shorthand Schools in  in open competition on the Civil Service Examinations.
1921: CANADA::~THE  STARCH CO., LIMITED, MONTREAL
1921: Canada::~the tity In expert advice from the rest-known firm of Cleaners Dyers In .
1921: Canada::~ly six and one-half million dollars,  must, bp the exercise of scientific forestry methods in cutting and the enforcement, without fear or favor, of adequate fire protection measures, provide, as far as is humanly possible, for the continuance in perpetuity of her large trade advantage in forest products.
1921: Canada::~Phillipine Islands have been recently g; Three Rivers, , recently.	THE COW SV BSTiTVTK—will make it profit
1921: Canada:Canada:~A cable dispatch from London to the Montreal Gazette, dated April 2, says : The disquieting feature of the new anti dumping and key industry proposals of the British Government is the absence of any provision for preference for Empire goods. It has been generally understood that where tariffs were framed for any purpose by the British legislators, preferential provisions would be added to cover imports from  and the other Dominions, which allow a preference to British goods, thus, when duties were placed on the importation of automobiles, clocks and watches, etc., during the war, subsequent rebates were granted to the imports of these goods from the Dominions. But it seems no such provision has been made in the new proposals, which are designed to give a protection of 33J per cent to certain industrial products, all of which are made in .
1921: Canada::~did not do exactly that but he tell* in April Rod and Gun in  what happens when swine meet serpents. Mr. Williams tells of the snakes found in the vicinity of Tobermory on the Bruce Peninsula in Ontario, and what happened to them w hen some pigs were turned loose to slay and slaughter. “A Happy Hunting Ground is the title of the leading story in this month’s issue of Canada’s national sportsmen's monthly. This article tells of the thrilling experiences in hunting bears in British Columbia. Nova Scotians will read with especial interest the story of hunting shore birds by Bonnycastle Dale. It tells of the difficulties to be experienced under the terms of
1921: and articles there are nine others that will delight the heart of the nature lover. The Guns and Ammunition department and the editorial comment on the gun permit law will take the attention of gun “crank”~ while Robert Page Lincoln and George Goodwin tak care of the anglers and dog men, respectively. Rod and Gun in Canada is published monthly at Woodstock, Ont, by W. J. Taylor, I Limited.
1921: Canada:Canada:~Druggists also sell larger packages. Made in . Aspirin is the trade mark (registered in ) of Bayer Manufacture of Mono-, aceticacidester of Salicylfcacid.
1921: Canada::~Is the School that leads all Busi ness and Shorthand Schools in  in open competition on the Civil Service Examinations.
1921: ISO brands of baking ‘~ powder in Canada; and » the fact that there is more
1921: Canada::~ness for them of mothers throughout  who
1921: Canada::~Of unusual Interest to the farmers of Western  Is the publication relating to Conservation of Soil Fibre and Fertility just tosued by the Commission of Conservation. This pamphlet "ntains a series of papers and discussions by leading authorities on the problems confronting the prairie farmer. Particular attention is paid to the control of soil drifting, the retention of moisture and to cropping systems for drought areas.
1921: Canada::~Scout for  as to the action to do he had a g0](jen knob that opened
1921: Canada::~every door. He never put his strengh The Chief Scout for  has just agalngt an obstacle, but played with made awards in the following cases knob that turned round and round which are of particular interest:
1921: Canada::~Toothache. Lumbago and for Patn* Handy tin boxes of twelve tablets cost few cents. Druggists also sell large* packages. Made In . Aspirin Is the trade mark (registered in Cana* da), of Bayer Manufacture of Mon<* aceticacideflter of Salicyllcacid.
1921: Canada:Canada:~Among the other interesting stories and articles of outdoor life in  that appear in Hod and Gun in  for May, is one entitled “A Wonderful Salmon Ex .ii peditiou.” This describes an ex
1921: Failing from Grace" and “The Heart Cure”~ in this issue of Canada's outdoor magazine. “Hunting the Black Duck” and ‘ The Parson
1921: Canada::~ments, are un to their usual high little outlay, standards, lion and Gun in  is published monthly by W. J.
1921: Canada::~The woman In town, or country, has the same advantage ai her Mater In the city In expert advice from the beet-known firm of Clean en and Dyers In .
1921: CANADA::~TIIL  STARCH CO., MMIiLD, L'ONTRHAL
1921: Canada::~in .
1921: Canada::~The longest commercial passenger flight In  was accomplished a few weeks ago, when an airplane with pilot, passenger, and mechanic, flew from Winnipeg, Man., to The Pas, Bask., a distance of 487 miles. The
1921: "I’~m not finding any fault with the The first official census taken in P*?," replied the boy; "but the fact Canada was in 1666, when tbe popu- ta- , m <foln6 » horse out of a job ’ lation-waa only 3,261. The first after Confederation was in 1871 and every ten-year period since. A new one will be taken in 1921, requiring 1,600 workers.
1921: Canada::~Is the School that leads all I3usi ness and Shorthand Schools in  in open competition on the Civil Service
1921: Canada::~And so boys and girls In Western Excitement waxes high as exhibit af Tablets hut they goon made him around the streets; in pool rooms; or  are being taught in their early ter exhibit is eliminated, and reaches healthy' Wld happy and now I would In Chinese restaurants, the result be years how to farm so as to obtain the	Its pitch in. the culminating selection	no( 5e	wl!bout	them	"	The	tablets	are ing that	the	boys	have too	much	time
1921: Canada::~of  and likely to remain so, the
1921: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale in five thond throughout .
1921: United States:United States:~that even in that short time it will cerate t<> a serious extent against Canadian exports to the United States. In this connection it is pointed out that the bill imposes a tariff which practically excludes commodities of which Canada last year exported to the United States no less than $175,000.000 worth. A particular hardship, it i* feared, will l*e (vit by Canadiah live stock breeders. Xfter the passage of the Wilson l uder-wood tariff, in 1913, Canadian live stock breeders, cut off from the British market by the British embargo on Canadian cattle, developed the American market They built up their stocks on the basis of the  market alone, and a great deal of new money invested in the industry. With the  tariff law in force
1921: Canada:Canada:~against  has been mainly due to the tact that Canadians have been buying more from Americans than they have sold them in return. Last year, for example,  sold the l uited
1921: Canada:United States:~In some quarters there is talk of reprisals, but in view of the fact that  is to a large extent dependent upon the  for its coal, and also of the further fact that the New York market has been found a convenient place of late to borrow an occasional few millions that are badly required, such talk is not taken too seriously.
1921: and tinai’~ly drifted back to Canada. As he spoke Robert stole a glance the incense of applause. You might clue Meanwhile Renton "here 1 have built up a good littV up »f an oval frame which hung on tut feel inclined to leave it all—for
1921: Canada::~Mr. Baxenter. w as my gix at-grandfather. Armand, who went to  in 1801.
1921: Canada::~1 could not return to  without confined feeling of his surroundings	and	should t>e carried on all through1	em m e	h,lt	Lhex are hlF«ly	m"
1921: CANADA::~IRE  STARCH CO., LIMITED, MONTREAL
1921: Is the School that leads «11 Bnsi ness «~ml Shorthand Schools in Canada in open competition on the Civil Service Examinations.
1921: Canada::~The greater part of the immigration tide to  since this Influx has assumed .such importance ae a factor ln Dominion Development has been deflected to the newer areas of the West to the neglect of the older Maritime Spates a heavier year in 1921 and a provinces. The boundless area of the greater inl.ux to the farms of Nova
1921: Canada::~In the past twenty years, or from July 1st, 1900, to March 31st 1920, there entered  for the first time
1921: Warning! Take no chances with substitutes for genuine "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin." Unless you see the name “Bayer”~ on package or on tablets you are not getting Aspirin at all. In every Bayer package are directions for Colds, Headache, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Earache, Toothache, Lumbago and for Pain. Handy tin boxes of twelve tablets cost few rents. Druggists also sell larger packages. Made In Canada. Aspirin is the trade mark red in Canada), of Bayer Manu-
1921: Canada::~for most makes and models of cars, Tour old, broken or worn-out parts replaced. Write or wire us describing what y largest and  of ell and autoinobl
1921: Canada::~COD. anywhere In .
1921: Canada::~Is the School that leads all Musi ness and Shorthand Schools in  in open competition on the Civil Service Examinations.
1921: Canada:Canada:~for most mah*w and model* et ears. Your old, broken or worn-out parte replaced. Write or wire ue deevrlb-Ing what you want. We carry the largeet and moat complete etook In  of ellehtly weed or new porte and automobile equipment. W O.O.D. anywhere In  factory Shew*»
1921: Canada::~A few minute* Interne stood watch-1 ozrh, was recently advertised for sale! Made in . Aspirin 1* tho ' id
1921: Canada::~Lovers of the out-of-door* will be pleased to know that a specially interesting number of H<xL anil Gun in  is just out. The August issue contains a particular-II ly .appealing article entitled, '•Mississauga —~ Canada's Best Canoe Trip, by Douglas Ha ins. This js a story that everyone will j enjoy. The stories by F. V. William*. Bonnyca-tle Dale and | 4 Harry M. Moore, well-known contributors, will be received with undoubted favoi. The thrilling experiences outlined in the several articles following will be of great interest and value to the amateur sportsman. The sportsmen's department. fishing, gun-, conservation and kennel contain many important points that the typical sportsman will appreciate Bod and Gun in Canada, is published monthly at Woodstock, Ontario, by \V. J. Taylor, Limited.
1921: CANADA::~MaDL IN  'fc?
1921: United States:Canada:~lb., and cream, exported 1,279,195 gall.f valued ut $1,987,461, duty placed O' eenle per gal. Them# are the principal Ilia tor y repeats itself. Prior to the agricultural articles of exportation civil war in the United States trade from Canada to the  nf-between that country and ,! fected, but a duty of 26 per cent, ad under the treaty of 1864, was practi- valorem ia also placed on meat pre-caUy	This	the
1921: Canada::~die summer and do not add to the egg at tj,e recent session of the Dominion production. This puts them in the Parliament. 0ne is designed to prorame class with the cull hens and they tect amj maintain 's export should be given the same treatment. trat)e ;n dajry products. It provides At least ninety-nine per cent, of the that on the ^commendation of the roosters should be either sold or eaten as soon as the breeding season has passed and all others should be carefully penned away from the hens.
1921: Canada::~Ventral  Inhibition As. sociation state thU reports coming from nil vet tislng Agents and
1921: Canada::~September plans with the Ottawa out western , will have their Exhibition in miml.	salaries reduced lower by 310 a month
1921: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale In five thond offices throughout .
1921: Canada::~packages. Made in . Aspirin is the trade mark (registered in Cana
1921: William Mot ire. Mr. Log in i* ( ¦~ and Secretary of the Masonic Grand Lodge of Canada. He reads the lessons every Sunday at the Anglican Church at Otter
1921: Canada::~vulcanizing.	| The population of 81. John, N.B., Is Coming down the Highland railway which the Air Hoard of  Is co- shortly and operations commenced.
1921: Canada::~ning,	Loose rocks are	the cause, and , touch it to the top of	the	iron after		,ast season, the greater	bulk . The box	was	a “water glass" used for	Hoard co-operates with the Ontario	turo- The	scheme will Involve the
1921: Canada::~The value of bacon exports from  during 1920 was $34,000,000. An active campaign is being conduct
1921: Canada::~The announcement has recently been made that the Hoard of Works for the United Kingdom ha* added certain Canadian timbers to the list of those used by the department. That the qualities of Canadian woods might be understood and the timbers thereby put to the best possible use the object of the Minister of the Interior, , in establishing the Forest Products Laboratories in connection with the Forestry Branch. The laboratories are making mechanical and physical tests of Canadian woods and the results are published from time to time as the investigation of each species or group is completed. The Information obtained is proving of great value not only to timber users in Great Britain and other countries, but also to Canadian engineers, architects and builders
1921: Canada::~Efforts of tie Department of Agriculture to improve the varieties cf fruits and vegetables grown In  are meeting with considerable success, officials cf the department state. S; f> cial attention is being paid to the c ultivation of apples, plums and fruits
1921: Canada::According to figures published by the External Trade Division of the Dominion Bureau of Statistics, ’~s trade with the United States is reaching a more normal level. In 192C goods imported from the United States were valued at $660,509.487, while exports only amounted to $488,974.570, j with a resultant balance of $371,534,917 in favor of the United States. In 1921, for the year ended June 30, Canada Imported goods from the i United Staten with a value of $766.393,077, and exported goons valued at $501,933,266, reducing the trade balance in favor of the United States for the year to $264.459,811.
1921: England:Canada:~The Genetal Synod of the Church of  in  rùeets in | the city of Hamilton this week.
1921: Canada::~three-ton motor-truck <*nirkne which we dkd not care tn United Grain Growers of  X v orld • Greatest Union
1921: usa:Canada:~truck. Then something happened. One in,K y we 1 nought a small tractor, with ^ nix-thond mile tour of  with a suspicious eye, and its support* day, shortly after harvest, he loaded two P^ow bottoms, and have used it convjncos me that that country not its among the farmers were all toe five tons of wheat on his truck, put- only	ft>r Plowing, pailvvrimng, and 0Rjy hag tkp grid's greatest farmers' few. Adventures in the same dxrec-
1921: 4'll able hog. Tho hog that does not need mGn*8»~ strainirvjf them to pull heavy. every morning to insure good ignition , ,s. ^'k.,in ,c 8 1111 !ne	l,n* population of Canada should not be
1921: Canada::~t.U>n. Sunflower sc,-is have been found that they will have good drainage. An ^trUck U$<,rS Icarn the same le3' over bushes This protects them velopmenla in Western  within] -The ultimate aim of the farmers
1921: Canada::~Build fall ami winter vegetable the nli<idle west: a commitU* visiting ancial and manufacturing interests storage.	|  and studying at first hand the largely controlled and influenced the
1921: Locate your supply of pedigreed il™ l*™estinrated that [t wi|j *avo( legislature»~ of Canada, especially thi
1921: Canada::~have gained control of the govern ent of Ontario, the largest provinte in , and in the prairie provinces their political influence is such that they can secure favorable considt a-tion for any reasonable legislation which they ask for.”
1921: Canada::~Thus, the slogan of modem  is, “In farmers we trust,” and the sane and satisfactory government of distribution, including the elimination of unnecessary middlemen and increased profits to producers, testified to the desirability of this type of organization.
1921: Canada::~His Excellency Lord Dyng, 's
1921: Canada::~You can order Grape-Nuts at any and every hotel, restaurant, and lunch room; on dining cars, on lake boats and steamers; in every good grocery, large and email, in every city, town or village in .
1921: Canada::~Earache, Toothache, Lumbago and for Pain. Then you will be following the directions and dcaage The early Fall is the very best time j WOrked cut by physicians during twen-of the year for the formation of new j ty-one years and proved safe by mil* Boy Scout troops. Full information regarding Scouting, and with partlcu-} Bayer Tablets cf Aspirin cost few lar reference to organization work, j conk. Druggists also sell larger pack may be had upon application to the eld Department, Boy Scouts Associa (rude mark (registered in ). of tlon, Bloor and Sberbourne Streets, Bayer Manufacture of Mozoacctlcacld-
1921: Canada::~Made in . Aspirin Ij the
1921: Canada::~It Mr. Cahill is reported correctly by the Advance in his speech at the Liberal meeting at Campbells Bay on S. pt. 23rd, lie stands for absolute tree trade a> against a policy of protection in . Mr. Cali il I, there to re. is not in the same boat with Mr. Lemieux, or other leading Liberals who have been telling people throughout the province that they don’t want free trade, but \\ Mi to return to the Fielding tariff, which was higher than that at present in operation. Evidently Mr. Cahill needs to be disci]-lined to meet the situation in IJuc-bec If lie were out West, of course, it would be different
1921: Canada::~Service In  for men's gar merits, open to the Canad Public at wholesale prices.
1921: Canada::~In this hour of 's most acute national crisis, the country's greatest need is leadership—not class leadership, not sectional leadership, hut NATIONAL leadership, pilot must be chosen possessing the sary courage, foresight, breadth of vision and determination to lead the nation safely out of the existing economic uncertainty.
1921: Canada::~<vach ton hundiol.	cause your truck is a willing worker,| pi^tyxodon, Delphinium. In this way,	throughout , for bacon <iors* 1)ut even then it was bard
1921: Canada::~j were shipped from  to Britain, germinate readily, whereas if it were .^Imrly desirable from the l>acon- Portnti,dî tower* the stairs; it bore weary boys watched from above.
1921: Canada::~Made in .
1921: Canada::~packages. Made In . Aspirin J™*® the Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine
1921: Canada::~The service and policy of The Bank of Nova Scotia have been built up on the experience and training accumulated in 89 years of banking in .
1921: Canada::~years ago. kindly communicate with Klmott & Davm, Attorneys at Law,  Life Building, Montreal, P. Q.
1921: Meighen’~s policy, the same fot the whole of Canada Fast <>i West
1921: Canada::~i protective tariff policy to stimulate its native industries and preserve its home market, why should the people of  turn to the untried theories of Mr.
1921: Canada::~farmer, who is blessed with the	industrial interests of ,
1921: when it becomes damp, tough and Some cases can be cu"**	.J'> '	"«»~t. Next hang it up by the hmd	muItiplving irrto	incalculable millions'cultural life of Canada than the at-
1921: Canada::~prices in .
1921: Canada::~Mad* in . m
1921: Canada::~titted in an aeroplane is a feature of1	Accept	ouly an unbroken "Bayer'	?n ) of Bayer Manufacture of	tained for love or money. This medicine
1921: Canada::~bago, and Pain. Made in  | All druggists sell Bayer Tablets of. "Bayer Cross
1921: Canada::~King, the development of  is to come under the domination of the United
1921: CANADA::IF THIS IS TO BE ’~S DESTINY THEN CANADA NEEDS MEIGHEN.
1921: Canada::~On December 6th,  shouH once again protect her farms, her factories and her workmen against the unsound theor> of I rev Trade, and should hold fast to her reasonable Protective Tariff, her national entity and her British connection.
1921: Canada:Canada:~On December 6th  should declare with no uncertain voice that she will not tolerate the false trade theories of visionaries and group leaders which tend toward her economic destruction, toward the separation of her people and the weakening of the ties that bind  to the British Empire.
1921: Canada:Canada:~Un December 6th  should demonstrate unmistakably to the outside world her fixed determination to keep  for the Canadians.
1921: Canada::~A forceful and unanswerable argument in defence of a protective policy for  is fourni in the fact that the Liberal party ixiuK denouncing pi tee- I tiyn for twenty year- and preaching free trade from the h«»u>e tops adopted the National Policy Indus bolus the mo ment they took the reins of otH e in 1SÎH* and s ted lastly adhered to it in | principle during the next fifteen years. This fact also proves conclusively the hollowness of the professions and pro mises of Liberal leaders of tl « 'Mice years.
1921: Canada::~due the prosperity of our fair and glorious Dominion, the only policy so far I O thought out capable of safeguarding  against the incursions of foreigners and tending to the prosperity and happiness of our people as a whole.
1921: Canada:United States:~Six hundred thousand Canadian work era and two millions ot their dependent> look to the maintenance of the industries of  for their livelihood. I To take down the tariff bar* of tbi> country and admit, duty free, the surplus products of the tremendous, well-entrenched manufacturing industries of the , would crush the existence out of our home enterprises just as surely as night succeeds day, without one compensating advantage. To-day the V. S. tariff against Canadian products—especially farm products—is almost prohibitive, and tliere is not the remotest probability of its being lowered for years to come. Do people realize this when they give ear to the Crerar-Wootl free trade fallacy ? It not, they should look into the question closely before casting their votes.
1921: Canada::~If you believe in  for the Canadians vote to return the Meighen Government.
1921: Children’s Pure Wool Black Stockings—~Made in Canada, of Canadian wool, to keep young Canadians warm during our severest weather—priced according to size—per pair 25 to 60c.
1921: Kingston Mcighen thi-evening handed out the following message to the \x <>¦~ men of Canada :
1921: “~The call i< out now to the men for appointment, of Canada to stand by their < try. But the call i- -till mot t he women of the 1 knninion. cause of her number-, voice of the women now predominates. On the con-vie live of our women now rests the chief
1921: Canada::~responsibility for determining | Telephone (}neen Bit) what is to be done with .
1922: Canada::~Fi nest Henley, of Hull, formerly chief of police of Fast view lined $100 by Magistrate Millar, a few days ago, for having in his possession a quantity of ail verwnre belonging to the Senate of , that wn« stolen the time of the lire at the Parliament Buildings five years ago.
1922: Canada::~We begin by taking our annual inventory (as required by law) and purpose facing our problems, as best we can. The year 1921 has been our testing Lime. Many good men have gone under. More failures than ever in any two years before in  We are thankful that our Pontiac merchants have weathered the storm so well. It speaks volumes for the loyalty of our people to their home stores, and their ability to pay.
1922: Canada::~Largest permanent exhibition in  .	.	,	. „ . Archaeology, Geology. Mineralogy. I Nil
1922: Canada::~Pratt Food Co of , Ltd.
1922: Canada::~the co-operation of Mr. Crerar, and and South Arctic regions of  .. , , ,1 r 1 1* .1 C : „	Into a great wool, milk and meat-
1922: Liberals to control the situation, it transpired that Mr. Crerar was only the nominal leader of the party whici»~ has become a prominent clement in the public life of Canada. He found he con h l not persuade those who were regarded as his followers to accept the proposals made by Mr. King, and therefore, be deemed it prudent to revert to his original position, or suffer the risk of being discredited in his own camp. And thus faded away the opp wtimity Mr. King hoped for to free himself from
1922: Canada::~Capt. Amimdsen will spend the next year in , back for Cape Serdze, trusting to meet with better luck than the furious Arctic storm, which last year hurled the Maud into an ice bank on the Siberian coast.
1922: Canada::~It is not too much to say that the great work thatjbaa been done for the blind throughout 	since	the
1922: Canada::~say that whatever anybody else filled their Scout obligations would be by all druggists and general dealers around you is doing or not doing in the men that  of to-morrow	Mlnard’s Liniment Co., Ltd.
1922: Canada::~Assistant I Claim many victim# In  and
1922: Canada::~Amp!rIn Is the trade mirk (registered In ) of Bayer Munnfarturo of Mono-acstlrack! ester of SallcyUcacld. While It is well known that Aspirin nuar* manufacture, to assist the public against Imitations, the Tablets of Bayer Company
1922: Canada::~Claims many Victims In  should be guarded against
1922: Canada::~^ Ms lo in .
1922: Canada::~Aaplrtn I# the trade mark frvglatered In ) of Rayer Manufacture of Mono-acetlcacfdctter of Faltcyltcacld. Wklie It la well known that Aspirin means Bayer manufacture, to assist the public a gainst Imitations, the Tablets of Bayer Company
1922: The return of Hon. Arthur Mciglien, in the by-election held in (Srenvil County, by the substantial majority over 1C»00, will l»~e gratifying intelligence ' t > his friends throughout Canada they are not confined solely to members f the l 'on<ci vative |*art\
1922: France:Canada:~Influenza broke out in England nnd  about the first of the! New Year, and Inst week it made! its up garance in New York, and was reported to be spreading vapidly, although the disease is said not to be of as serious a ty ^ as the epidemic which scourged the country two years ago. No evidences of the malady have so far been seen in , but is is not unreasonable to expect that it will eventually appear. Just now Canadians need scarcely be reminded that New York is a good place to keep away from.
1922: Canada::~According to tlje latest returns of the Bureau of Agricultural Statistics I there are 698.368 farms in .
1922: Canada::~their intention to establish there one of the largest stock farms in . They will raise thoroughbred horses Halfway between the heavy motor- ' and shorthorn cattle.
1922: ground ami strikes the stump at the Bobby (triumphantly)—“I prayed loTa' tlm cmlihlned wn^ annrox^ ‘~ Canada's pulp and parer exports for desired depth. After cutting through 1 that God would make grandma better	f t -	-*®r°' l^e month cf November were valued
1922: Canada::~A substantial Kalian immigration to  may he expected iu the spring with the imprcvemerl in indu-trial
1922: Canada::~of the Merchants Bank of  a cordial invitation to continue their-accounts, with the assurance . that their business, whether it be large or small, will receive the best care and attention. '
1922: CANADA::~HAMILTON. |> i#t. W. .
1922: Canada::~Many of the poems are about Ireland, a country which has given  many good settlers, and r,o doubt, will give many more. I is a verse from one:
1922: Canada::~Irish and Canadian poems arj illustrated with attractive phot of scenes in  and Ireia. d. With St. Patrick’s day approaching, and with Ireland now taking her place amongst the nations, the book IS likely to create a wide in>re-t at the present time, as it &p a particularly opportune It is prefaced by a sympathetic introduction by Colonel Geo. ge
1922: the majority of the |K*<>plc of the prowill agree with. It relates to the printers’~strike in Quebec City affiliated printers of Canada are mem-tiers of an organization called the International Typographical Union, whose headquarters are in the United States.
1922: Canada::~they should	be put	hack. Do not re-	that	such characteristics are not in-		is the only country in the	way to show how to do a thing	is	to	as the miniature set of	the famous	contrary, for these boys are happy in
1922: Canada::~ALL KINDS OF t BW AND USED felting pulley#, eswe. cable.hoee.packing, etc., shipped subject to approval at lowest price* In  YORK HBLTINO OOu 111 YORK. HTREBT. TORONTO
1922: Canada::~X#*#.	Made in . ^
1922: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale In five thond offices throughout .
1922: Canada::~Eighty-nine years rf banking in  has given The Hank of Nova Scotia an experience and insight into the Banking requirements of farmers which enables it to provide a thoroughly satisfactory service to its farmer customers.
1922: CANADA::~FU,VIT FOOD CO., Ol , I.IMITID, TORONTO
1922: Canada::~of the lust year's drought there was !  will shortly be l. augiirated by s-till more livestock In the province I the
1922: Many a Canadian family takes pride in Its “grandfather’~s clock," whelhei it i*i in good running condition or not But the oldest clock in Canada seems an infant compared with some of the clocks of Europe. If you should visit the city of Exeter, in England, yot would see in the tower of the church of St. Mary Steps a clock that, with now and then a short rest for repairs, has been running ever since the mid die of the sixteenth century. The famous Strasbourg clock, part of the works of which date back to 1574, has
1922: Canada::~Insects are among the worst enemies of the human race. They destroy millions of dollars worth of farm crops annually in  and their destruc! tion of timber in the forests is also i very heavy. The officers of the I)o j minion Department of Agriculture and
1922: Canada::~In  in the been!
1922: Canada::~The Western grain growing interests want the  Wheat Board re-estab lished, and art* sending a strong delegation to Ottawa this week to urge their claims
1922: Canada::~___ , having ratified the agreement for amalgamation entered into by their directors with the Bank of
1922: Canada::~of the Merchants Bank of  a cordial invitation to
1922: Canada::~Finance Minister Fielding went down to Washington last week to discuss trade matters with President Harding, and some venture the opinion that he will try what can be done towards reviving the Reciprocity pact, which the electors of  refused to endorse in Notwithstanding the restrictive
1922: Canada::~I lean presided. The speakei Mr. Macdonald, a prominent mem- | i)er of the Order, and Rev. J A. j Maofarlane, Provincial organizer. I Instances of the activities in which Orangei-m in  has been
1922: Canada::~Five or six per cent more people were out of employment in  ou March 1st than on the cor res (Minding date Inst year.
1922: Canada::~8 THERE A VVLCANiZKK IN YOUR town? You can earn $10.00 to $60.00 par day. We teach you. Write for particular*. Chief instructor.  Vulcaniser and Kqpt. Co., Ltd., London.
1922: ALI, K1NU8 O K JEW AND USED telling pulley»~ eawe. cable.hon** packing, etc., shipped subject to approval at lowen priced In Canada YORK BELTING COw 111 YORK. STREET. TORONTO.
1922: Canada::~Made by the best mills in . Well manufactured and
1922: CANADA::~PRATT FOOD CO. OF  LIMITED TORONTO
1922: t-#ltlr* pulley», eawa. csble.boie packing. • tc . snipped eubject to approval at low«*«~ trie** in Canada. YORK BELTING CO. U6 TORK. STREET. TORONTO
1922: Canada::~Many Victims in  and should be Guarded Against.
1922: Canada::~Aapmn Is the fade mark <r*ft|Und la ) of Bayer Utaufieten of Mono
1922: Canada::~M,s Tubman was born in Cavan ed philanthropists, his beuefac Co.. Ireland, and came to  tions towards various objects, ex-67 years ago with her husband, feeding many hundreds of thou-and settled at Caldwell Corner. : sands of dollars, whilst Ins active where shared,led up to the time j ties during the war were on an of her death. She is survived by I extensive scale that called lot the
1922: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale In five thond offices throughout .
1922: Canada::~over to Scotland and settled among	Forbes" as chief of the clan appears In	ixjrtant development in , and	fermentation by the use of a little
1922: Aspirin !¦~ the trade mark (registered In Canada) of Beyer Manufacture cf M _ meet lr acid mater cf Kallcylicacld. While It la well known that Aspirin mean# Baver ananufacture, to a*elat the public against Imitations, the Tablets of Bayer Cam will be stamped with their general trade mark, the "Bayer Cross."
1922: Huy MtuTarlune gave a splendid pa per on the life of Mrs. Nellie Mcl'iimg, one of one hum |)opular authors and also one o our most convincing public -peak el's. Mis. McClung, who the lii si woman tc obtain a seat in the Provincial Legislature of Alberta, 1’~liat was horn in South they, a county of Ontario, which likewise enjoys the unique distinction of having . .	( provided Canada with her first
1922: Canada::~that  is not in that deplorable
1922: W hatever motive influences your paint-buying—whether you paint for appearance or to save the surface—~ you will find CANADA PAINT “ the paint of merit,”
1922: CANADA::~F. F. DALLEY COMPANY OF  LIMITED,
1922: CANADA::~HAMILTON, .
1922: CANADA::~PRATT FOOD CO. OF , LIMITED
1922: CANADA::~ON TRADE DEVELOPING VOYAGE BETWEEN  AND THE ANTIPODES.
1922: Manitoba No. 1 hard wheat Km been table#,* suggested Mr. WheHemJ, “~i* probably thf heat iulvertl*eineirt that h means by which to take rare of the portion of Canada ever had, *ay# the #wrp)u&e< we are growing, and to
1922: Canada:United States:~Aa a province in which the growth a nee in the province of Manitoba, of vegetables Is becoming a strong There is no limit to the quality or the feature of agriculture, however, Mani- variety of the vegetables we toba is not as well known. This fact /row. ' was strongly emphasized At a meet irvg on the subject in Manitoba Agri-'on canned vegetables, grown and pack-culture College recently, when Mr. H.. ed in other portions of  and the C. Wheilams, a prominent grower of , while, as Mr. Whellani the Winnipeg district, stated that he says, her own product is wasted. With had produced 72 different varieties of the rapidly growing market of the vegetables last year. Plnormous areas west it can only be a brief time when of potatoes, sweet corn, tomatoes and the canning industry will be develop-other table vegetables are grown, ed to care for Manitoba's surplus promaking rapid growth, and reaching ducts and create an outlet for a much
1922: Canada::~Minister of Trade- and Commerce 1 speaking at the same meeting, gave ; great rivalry for the honor of enter-th-e value of 's wood-pulp pro- ta In log her. The choice she made was duction as $71,622.037, for 1921, and of typical of her spirt*. »he went into ! newsprint as $92,103,307. Of this great
1922: Industrial activity is in the a»~een-j domestic and bonded grain, accord dant again in Hamilton, Ont., a pro ing to a statement issued by th< mising feature being the renewal of United States Department of Agrieul-interest of United States manufactur- ture. The total amount shipped from ers seeking Canadian locations for this port in the past year was 138,. branch plants. Lest week the Dexter 468,980 bushels, followed by GaKee-Lock Company of Canada acquired a ton 94,173,049; New York 84,698,681; plant site in Hamilton, being the sixth New Orléans 73,689,399; Baltimore new industry to locate in the city since 66,314,808; Philadelphia 46,769,286; the beginning of the year.	1 Portland, Me., 13,859,040; Boston 5,
1922: It is reported that a plant for the 078,617; and Newport New»~ 485,118. production of alloy steel in Canada The freight steamship service to the will be established at Sanwa by the West Indies recently Inaugurated by Domir $ m ÀJEby «teefl Corparatâow, the Canadian Pacific Steamship», Ltd, Limited, incorporated with a Federal will be extended to include the other charter. According to plan» made Carribean porta. Thés freight service public, construction of a plant at Sar- is of importance to Canadian track nia, Ont. will be undertaken.	with the West Indies, as it will pro-
1922: Canada:United States:~A party of fifty-seven agriculturists vide frequent safling? to serve Can-arrived in Toronto last week under the adian exporters, auspices of the Salvation Army and Immigration to  during Gw will settle on Ontario lands. Follow- month of February totalled 2,183, od ing them ie a party of Scottish farm- whom 609 were from the British Isle* ers bound for Essex and Middlesex 1,072 from the  and 69#
1922: Canada::~Occasionally some of these cheaper 803. fare enter into what might be termed The muskrat In, fortunately, 'in-fche luxury class, however, due to ah-1 dlgenous|to every part of , and , normal demand. The calls of fashion I ta widespread distribution I» Its for what is known in the fur trade as! security against too rapid depletion. Hudson seal, or, more correctly seal- In the report for 1920 above referred dyed muskrat, has created an inten- to, the number taken, by province#, is sive demand for muskrat pelts, with given as follows:	Prince Edward la-
1922: Canada::~In , according to a report Issued by the Bureau of Statistics. These had a market value of $6,030,-
1922: Canada::~80th birthday, one halt ot her lifetime (40 year-) being -pent in this vicinity Born in Belfast, Ireland, her parents brought her to  in infancy where they located in Upper Litchfield, P, Q. Here she grew up and was married, coming to Nipissing the wife of Mr. Jus. Mullin who was engaged in saw
1922: Canada::~In offering you Fencing, we offer one of the most substantial and satisfactory lines made in . Our stock is complete in—
1922: CANADA::~PRATT FOOD CO. OP , LIMITÜD
1922: Canada::~pounds ot wool last year for farmers in .
1922: Canada::~Mail ami Empire : eluding his budget speech yesterday the Finance Minister says that he has faith in , and expresses the opinion that the worst of the depression is past,
1922: There’~s a Canada Paint or Varnish for every purpose and for every surface, and the little outlay involved in their purchase will be repaid a hundred fold by added beauty to
1922: Canada:usa:~It has been estimated that if all the cars that were registered in  up to the end of 1921 were placed end to end they would form a procession of 1,7G0 miles long. In other words the first car would be entering Winnipeg when the last one was just leaving Halifax. A conservative estimate of the annual gas consuming possibilities of these four hundred and sixty-nine thond or more vehicles places the figures at nine million gallons, which represents nil annual gasoline expenditure of approximately two and a half million dollars T" is estimated that this amount . gasoline was consumed last year, and that an
1922: Canada::~acre. The average yield in  is	a fowl may	be otherwise,	these	s>.t	t *	vvvrv heifer is	horn either a good or	Damaged berries and berries	without	reasons why it is	a pleasant and pro-	visitors from California, or that tho
1922: Canada::~teach you  Vulcaniser, Txmdon. Ont
1922: Canada::~are contained in the June number Of Hod and Gun in . George L. Cat ton, a Canadian short story writer of prominence,
1922: CANADA::~HOD ANI) (iVN IN  is published monthly at Woodstock, Ontario, by W. J. Taylor, Limited.
1922: ALL KINDS O V NEW AND USED belting, pulley», euw». cable.hoee,packing, etc., «~hipped eubject to approval at lowest prices In Canada. YORK CO., 116 YORK STREET. TORONTO.
1922: usa:Canada:~Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale in live thond offices throughout .
1922: Canada::~Aspirin Is the trade mark (registered ln ! of Payer Manufacture Mono-acetlracldester of Sallcvllcacld. While It le well known that Aspirin rr-ars Pa*m menufac ture. to sestet the public s gainst Imitations, the Tablets of Bayer O m; a. will be stamped wit» their general trade mark, the "Bayer Cioa»,e
1922: “Men of the Hudson's Bay Company, ’~ is the title of a new continued feature which starts in the July issue of Rod and Gun in Canada. It is by N. M. \V. J. McKenzie, a man who spent many years in the service of the company, and who, by reason of his long term of service, is able to present a narrative of absorbing interest, full of reminiscences of the days and the events of the North of bygone days, tinned in future issues of the magazine, and it is certain to
1922: Canada::~Rod and Gun in  is published monthly at Woodstock, Ontario, by W. J. Taylor, Limited
1922: Canada::~Brantford,  Successors to Ham Bros. Co. Ltd Send for a copy.
1922: Canada::~Made In  by A ONWARD MFG. 00 ,A Kitchener,
1922: Canada::~terest and support of every sheep (inn in , which is now on I An old resident of North Clnr-raiser in the coimniinity. A mini- sale, contains a wealth of worth- |endow, in the person of Mrs. Jas. her of these have been organized while reading, and it abounds in | Laughren passed away on Sun-in the Province of Quebec with bright and interesting features, clay last after a short illness, al-the object of demonstrating the The camper or vacationist will find I though she had been in declining value of pure bred rams in the pro- the big article :	“Some Sugges- health for several years. She is
1922: Canada::~With the quantity of lambs with material which the sports- Knipe passed away at the age of produced in Pontiac County, man will not want to miss. The 4#. years. He is survived by a backed by the quality and co- Trap department is an unusually widow, two brothers and one operation of every eligible exhibi- generous one, containing a long sister, as follows : -- J. Knipe, of tor, this Show and sale can be breezy account of the Eastern ; Campbells Hay ; W. Knipe, ot n^vle the largest and best of its  Championships at Hamil-1 Seaman, Sask., and Mrs. J. Clun, kind ever held	in the	Dominion	ton, which is replete with pictures j	Dtter Lake
1922: Canada::~will receive, will be an excellent Rod and Gun in  is pub- attended, took place on Sunday, advertisement for the Live Stock lishod monthly at Woodstock, -bily Vth, to the Anglican Church
1922: Since the publication in 1920 of Bulletin No. 39, Second Series, by Mias F. Pyles, on “~Principal Poisonous Plants of Canada,” some further in-
1922: Canada::~June, report the grape leaf hopper ope and now occurs in Eastern  particularly active in the Niagara die-ami also in the Priarie Provinces. It trjct; the tent caterpillar especially has been looked upon with suspicion mmivroUK i„~ the Maritime provinces as the cause of a disease affecting cat- and fairiy 80 throughout Canada; the tie on different farms in Man land, Bud moth unusually abundant in Nova
1922: Canada::~use of roses, an unsightly chicken Henblt (Lamium amplexicaule L.) is yard can be made into a spot of beau-an anual plant with opposite leaves ty. The ground around the bushes and reddish-purple flowers. It has been has to be spaded occasionally to loosen introduced from Europe and has been the soil, and protected with wire net-found in Eastern  and in Brit- ting, or the chickens will scratch the ish Columbia. It is said to produce dirt away from the roots.
1922: It is fully admitted that part vf the work is to improve French-Canadian horses, but it is also clear that most of the preMems of horse breeding, feeding, homing, and management can be investigated «~as well' with this breed horse breeding establishment in East-as with any other. These problems are em Canada, quite numerous;* inbreeding, close, in line, and outcrossing; in feeding
1922: Canada::~While  has not, as yet, a large central organization correspond- : Ing to these laboratories, much of the work undertaken by them is done at the Government Laboratories at Ottawa. In the Survey laboratories of the Department of the Interior a large volume and variety of Instruments are tested annually. The measuring instruments verified at this laboratory include chronometers and watches, measures of length, surveying instruments
1922: Canada::~ship.. Meet of the land on which our and Minister of the Interior, as dele-Canadian forests now stand is not fit gate to represent  at the Inter In most places modern methods of for agriculture, but it Is fit to grow national Geological Congress, to be factory production, together with the fln,e croP8 °f trees to keep our saw- ftgpj jn Brussels, Belgium, In August dheapness of hardware, have made the	our wagon factories, our fuml-
1922: Canada::~Aspirin It the trade mark (registered In ) of Bayer Manufacture of Mo_
1922: .)ust now iiuliv.itu»~n> at will W* a considerable >h in Canada this year unie? siitVicient courage t«> imp »rt it iron In some cities thi" is already
1922: Canada::~Central  Exhibition
1922: Canada::~Six weeks from next Monday the thirty-fifth annual exhibition of the Central  Exhibition Association will open in Ottawa. The management and directors are bending every ¦effort to ensure this year’s fair being the greatest ever held in the city, eclipsing even the splendid successes of recent
1922: Canada::~i next boat to .
1922: “There seem to be a good many be the Laurentic, and It landej him in pilot» in the boat, doctor,”~ remarked Canada just before the Montrose “Mr. Rcbinson.” And as he scanned rived.
1922: “I told only just what was true,”~ modern Child Welfare Act in Canada tally defective, become wards of the
1922: Canada::~Never before has it occurred to the K 18 typical of Western  that	to think what kin 1 of an elbow
1922: Canada:Canada:~than here, for the older modes of travel are better established, and the railway services are immeasurably superior, particularly for local travel. Another reason 6* that automobile prices in the United Kingdom are very much in excess of prices maintaining in , usually about twice as high. A third reason is that the automobile -is very much more heavily taxed in Great Britain, and a fourth is that the operating costs arc about three times as high, the price of gasoline per gallon, for instance, being almost three times as much as in .
1922: Canada::~Tn point of number of cars per unit of population  is already far ahead of Great Britain, as in evident from the fact that with a population loss than 25 per cent, of Great Britain’s she owns only about ten per
1922: Canada::~- This year will see  attain to
1922: Canada::~not at all improbable that at this time  has attained to that status, for since the beginning of the year car purchasers have been extremely active, as is instanced by the increasing registrations in every province.
1922: Canada:Canada:~At the end of 1921, However,  stood third among the world's automobile owning nations States naturally lead with a gross registration of 10,488,632 cars and trucks, about 83 per cent, of all the automobile* now in operation. Greet Britain and Ireland ranked second with 497,532 car* and truck*, and  was a close third with 469,310
1922: Canada:United States:~While it is certain tlyit English and cent, less cars. And in point of inScotch car buyers have been active vestment in automobiles per capita, this year, this being established by Canada is probably leading the w. rid, the great volume of automobile ex- for, as is generally known, automobile ports to the United Kingdom, as well prices in the United States are mans by the heavy production of cars by terially lower than in Canada, and home factories, it is not regarded ns those in Great Britain arc not suffi-p rob able that the purchases have been ciently higher to entail a greater per as numerous as those effected in the capita investment, dominion, and consequently it is con- It is interesting to note that France fldontly predicted that by the end of ranks third in importance among the year  will be second only automobile (toning countries, with a to the . There are several reasons why the United Kingdom cannot expect to bold its lead over the dominion. One of these is that there is really less need for motor cars, that they are less of a necessity there
1922: Canada::~The Denmark of " and other
1922: Canada::~Is a  Paint Product specially made to furnish such valuable farm building)' with a protective coat durable enough to withstand the severe Canadi^nclimatc.
1922: Dominion Express Money Orders are on «~tie in five thousand offices throughout Canada.
1922: Aenlrlr le the trade mark <roft«~trr-rt In Canada) of Bayer Manufacture of Mon», acetic of Mes ;cr of Fatlcyllcsrld. While It U well known that Aspirin mesne Bayer roanufs-turs. tr. ssalet the puMIc nzilnst Imitations, the Tablets of Bayer Company will be stamped with tlaelr general tratio mark, the Bayer Cross.
1922: Canada::~Into the history of The Bank of Nova Scotia has been written ninety years of the life of .
1922: Canada::~From a few straggling settlements scattered from the Atlantic to the Great Lakes,  has grown into a nation spanning the continent.
1922: The Clarendon Women’~s Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. J. R. Corrigan, on Wednesday, Oct. 11. Program Paper by Mrs. J. B. Corrigan on the Early Industries of Canada.
1922: Canada::~mental principle* of driving. One of Returns compiled by the Canadian the first things to do, of course, is to Department of Customs indicate a M)0 start the engine. This he does by | per cent, increase of motor traffic into stepping on the self-starter pedal. If, . Automobiles entering ( anthère is no self-starter he will be re- a da for touring purposes during the qui red to get out and crank the thrift, last calendar year totaled (>17,28.),
1922: need attention, and they are very im- Of the total number of cars remportant, too. For instance, he should tcred in the last calender year «15,074 place the gear-shifting lever in the remained in the Dominion for less neutral position, put the emergency than one month and 2,211 for mo re j brake on, retard the spark fully, or, than one but less than six months. The if well acquainted with the motor, to Parks branch of the Department of point where the spark will surely the Interior ha« calculated «~that this after the crank has passed top motor traffic represents an expend*-centre. Open the throttle about one- ture in Canada of more than $108,-third. (After getting acquainted with 000,000, and it is estimated by the the machine he will find a position for same authority that on a basis of o the throttle where the motor will al- per cent, “improved roads arc wort hi ways start best). Put on the switch, over $2,000,000,000 without taking into If the motor habitually starts hard, account the service they render ( an-prime the carburetor.	adians themselves^,
1922: Canada::~After the engine starts close the The Parks branch estimate of exthrottle and advance the spark about penditure in  by motor tour- ^rmltting lengthy and varied travel three-quarters. If the engine has ists is based on a stay of seven days through most wonderful country with been started on the battery and a for the larger number of cars and] out inconveniences of portaging, magneto is used, switch immediately thirty days for the sma'Ier num er,	a few ardent sportsmen from
1922: Canada::~An experienced hunter and trapper who had followed hLs calling all his life in every section of  and
1922: Hard work, plain food, and sensible hours are the secret of longevity, I according to Mrs. Ann Crittle, of King street, London, who has Just observed her 93rd anniversary, and who declares she feels good for many years yet. Well on in the last decade of the century, Mrs. Crittle has the glowing countenance of a middle-aged •~ person, and only a few faint lines in her face tell cf the weight of years. She is a native of Bristol, England, and has revisited her home three times since she came to Canada with her husband in 1850.
1922: Canada::~Mrs. Crittle recalls with pleasure the early days in , and when asked to name some of the outstanding developments since she was tiret a citizen of London, referred to the income tax as the chief. She complains she is always paying out her hard-earned money to the Government. Her earlier recollection of London concerns an epidemic of cholera which topk many lives. Cricket was the most popular outdoor sport, the town crier lived on York street, and Duerffin avenue was known as Duke street.
1922: riMiHEKHER BELTS AND BUC-1 I'lON hose, n«~-w and us^d, shipped subject to approval at lowest ^rlce* In Canada. York Belting Co.. 116 York Rt., Toronto. Ont
1922: Aspirin *» the trad- marV frrgj.-«~rv,,n Canada) of Paver Manufacture of Mono-a cei I-arid eater uf Ha I lev lirat-M While it 1»	known i hat Aspirin means Bayer
1922: Canada::~Hod and Gun in  is published monthly at Woodstock, Ontario, by W. J. Taylor, Limited.
1922: Canada::~There are several different features in the October i*>ue of Hod and Gun in , which combine to make it a particularly attractive number. The well known writer, Harry M. Moore, is at his best in “SaC Ann,’ an interestgripping tale, and there are other stories that are of a high quality. The article, “Logs,'* descriptive of the logging and lumbering industry and of scenes and incidents in the lives of the brawny men who labor in it, is one of outstanding quality. The department, “ Along the Trap Line,' resumes in this issue, with Mr. M U. Hates as editor, and this should be a guarantee that the department will enjoy all its old success, and will be of the same high standard it has been in the past. The other departments are of their usual excellence. “Guns and Ammunition includes splendid articles by E. T.
1922: CANADA::~IN .
1922: Canada::~of prairie game numerous as of , greater were more hunters apprised of the excellent sport the prairies offer. Even In the more settled agricultural districts there Is excellent grouse and duck shooting. The northern lakes offer unequalled opportunities for duck
1922: Canada::~A move of great national Importance, fraught with great 'significance to the future prosperity of the wool and textile Industries of , of marked consideration not only to agriculturists but the Canadian people at large.
1922: Canada::~f what has long been missing link In the chain of  h wool Industries. Private enterprise has made It possible to erect a plant for the combing of the Canadian wool and the Dominion Combing Mills.
1922: ‘~of Canada has been largely handicap at home has over export Ink thr a*
1922: Canada::~2.200 for every concert	i Where majesty may hide Its spien the same period  importe*! from |	^ freight These very difficult
1922: Canada::~In  was at a low ebb, the eni ^ a clag- though It Is as thoroughly j The seven seas Intrepid sailors know;	proratW for manufacture. The Some interesting ? •
1922: Canada::~Advantages to Both  and
1922: Canada::~the part\of Canadian 1 reFtiit wm undoubtedly be an In Dominion agricut- j creaged importation on 's part
1922: England::~- of pure bred stock from  and The British House, without division, j Scotiaud to raise the Dominion's beet passed a resolution in favor of the re- i @*pgrt# to the high **t poeslMJUJJ moval of the Canadian cattle embargo j ardggHgjegypegg to permit the introduction into Eng- j |n period when land of store cattle, to be pastured | uanatiian provinces were glveu over fattened there, whereas up to the- pre- farfr3|y to giant ranches, the export •~ sent It has been necessary to slaught- ] trade |ir catlIe overseas was one of er animals at the port of entry within . Canadas basic Industries. The open-ten day# of arrival. The removal of |ng of the United States market the embargo for which Canadian»~ have trough the removal of ita embargo strenuously fonght since 1892 Is ealeu-1 tn 1897 diverted this trade to more ad lated to have a beneficial effect upon vantageous channels. The removal of the livestock industry throughout Can- fhe English embargo, which ordlnari-especially in the Prairie Pro- ly mjght have caused a division of the vlnces, and should bring back Cana- . trade between the two countries, will, dlan livestock figures to the Important wilh the effect of the United States place they occupied previous to 1890. ; tariff, see practically all this trade g<> Whilst the embargo, which has to England. Whereas in 1901 there existed since 1892. ostensibly for the were five and a half million cattlein protection of prized British herds from : the country and seven millions in 1907, die*ease was in effect against cattle there were in 1921 nearly ten and a shipped from #11 outside points to Eng- quarter million cattle on the smaller land It had no real effect except as farms with their intensive acr- ges against Canada and the United States, which have in the main supplanted the
1922: Canada::~figures show that whilst  ex- chag«~, old mBtala in England, and tkaf ports in excess of $11.000.000 worth of haTe bought from the British ^sdntir^. '0 £ wool and wool products, she imports ( aîty severa| war vessels. An^*ÿthoiK?(.
1922: usa:Canada:~pleasure in their perl ut the November issue of Hod and G tin in . The usual collection of stories, articles and features is
1922: Canada::~ures, , once the land of "inex M%must enforce this not,ce ornwyiT. haustible ” pine forests, has about tif- | ,AI1 concerned must govern tiiem-teen years’ supply left. This will, 0f M1'*'es accordingly, course be replenished to some extent by the young growth which in many places is abundant.
1922: Canada::~Is listless, cross, feverish, full of cold,  York Belting Co. 11S York or has colic, a teaspoonful will never T*' Toronto. Ont.
1922: Poland:Canada:~From  to  Alone
1922: ¦~pru wheat, with excelled milling 2 ^wo and one-half pounds of rye fat. Feeds used primarily to supply and baking qum. ties. is now the fl(yilT beat up in half a gallon of cold I protein are meat s.raps, fish-meal, fomiimntapring wWin Canada and ^hen add two gallons of boiling cottonseed-meal and milk products the United States and ha* enormously	j Feed, especially high in nitrogen-free
1922: Canada::~Dr. J. Q. Shearer, Secretary Social Servies Council of .
1922: Canada::~ion	t "T"' pr^I!unc,a . In some of the Eastern Pro-	TL V* » d
1922: .. e“ more y y gro^n' fact that all “noisy games,” but not the Lord's King George would soon have a * 1 ' w:is the po,‘ u v 11 Ia8®~ butch- Day Act of Canada.	strange collection of rather useless ' menl and have found it a good remedy.
1922: Canada::~Every child in  should be brought into very close touch with the finest kind of music, and this can only I be done through the influence of the parents and the school board author!-
1922: •‘~bumper crop" year estimate of total yield was 300,858,100 bushels from 23,271,224 acres, an average of 13 bushels per acre. This yield of oats in Canada is estimated at 513 million bushels.
1922: Canada::~The December issue of Ilocl and Gun In  is one which may truly be said to combine quantity and quality, and the many readers of tins national sportsmen's journal will no doubt take a lot of keen delight out of this number, the concluding issue for 1922. There are several splendid articles and a number of particularly good stories, among them the humorous yarn, “They went fishing.’ The Guns and Ammunition department contains highly valuable articles by J. R. Mattern and E. T.
1922: Canada::~Rod and Gun in  is published monthly at Woodstock, Ontario, by W. J. Taylor, Limited.
1922: Canada:Canada:~Mrs. Elizabeth C. Anchor, a cont.i-pomlent of The Standard, St. Gatinr-inefi, a well-known Niagara Pen in mi a newspaper woman, has been decorated with the Polish decoration, I Reatitutia, for her work among V 1L li soldiers during the war, and Poli:-h repatriation. The presentation made by the Polish Consul Gen< , Dr. Straazewaki. Shv first to receive the decorum in .
1923: Canada::~tun is swinging more and more towards the equllizatlon of the burdens which each citizen of  must bear, that the helping of those who are unable to help themselves occupies a much larger place in our minds, may 1 draw your attention to the fact that this Hospital is accomplishing great things in a field that is untouched by any other organization.
1923: Canada::~on this basis, it may be said that the A table appearing in the Agricul- ! supply of mineral matter might well tural Gazette of  for November be a limiting factor in milk production, and December, dealing with the yearly As a general rule, especially in production of dairy factories, shows summer dairying, the ration supplies that while there was an increase in adl the minerals necessary, but in the production of creamery butter in cases of extra heavy production, com-1 this country of nearly eleven million bined with advanced pregnancy, of pounds in 1921 over 1920, there was winter rations and on soils the crops a decrease in the total value of be-from which are deficient in mineral tween seventeen and eighteen million, matter, a -supplementary mineral ra- dollars. The cheese manufactured tion may bo necessary. Grass sup- increased upwards of eleven miMfcm plies mineral matter in good quantity pounds while the total value decreas-and in readily available form, so tbit ed more than ten million dollars, as long as good pasture is available Nevertheless the total value of dairy a supply of mineral matter is guar- products in the whole country in 1921, anteed. It is when the grass gets although considerably less than for short or when winter feeding com-1 the two preceding years, was about that substitutes for natural, sixteen million dollars greater than mineral# must be provided. Feeds rich in 1917. Ontario and the Western in minerals may well be considered j provinces were the chief contributor# first since there are some which are to the increase.
1923: Canada::~the dtotrlot's potentiel output of paper ; to about 800 too* a day, or 240,000 ton* a year, in addition to 130,000 tone of treated piUp, making thin eection of Quebec one of # first pulp and paper areas.
1923: Canada::~minion of  would to-day occupy Acooirdlng to its agreement with the health, full growth, strong nerves, a | f for us at home, ether W* rnï! a favorable	and	enviable	place in	Ontario Government, tte Greeut Lakes	clear bniln and goo ! dfg^e'lon. in a	[,^T*end tost!**» theanaJian^w bole-
1923: Canada::~duId and newsprint  takes nay district of British Columbia, where	hoys. Mrs. R. Klnoh. Hepwor'h. )nt
1923: Canada::~trial expansion In the 1922 period In ^Ren. alwayB work well and though . Noted below are many of J hftfa glven qu1ie a few to my baby the extensions under way or proposed t- Eecm to work ae well now as at additions to the Canadian pulp and flnjt which to something other laxa-paper industry.	Uvm seldom do/’
1923: Canada::~Or. J. G. Shearer, Secretary Social Service Council of .
1923: Canada::~As a consequence we believe that The headquarters of the Belgo Pulp public opinion hi Ontario Is aroused as and Paper Company have been trans-never before against this iniquitous (erred from Belgium to  with vice and the legalization of the busi- executive offices at Montreal. The
1923: Canada::~and most per#latent attention to 's fuel situation. The Deputy Minister of Mines to chairman, and the membership Is composed of Government official» who have already, for
1923: Canada::~near future it will develop one of the From the nature of the ore and the Largest sliver deposits In , fact tliat it has to be shipped out of The main operations carried on in the country fpr «melting the work Is the Dawson district itself anee hydrau-naturally (tarried on by nom punies Hcing on Bonanza creek by the ^ ukon rather than Ml vidua to. Two com- ; Gold Company and dredging on the partie» aie now en.erge»tkvi!ly conduct-, Klondyke river by tl;e Canadian K1 oiling mining opérât ions, the Yukon Gold dike Mining Company. Th-e Cana-1 :an Company, and the Treadwell Yukon Klondike Mining Company have sever-Company Limited
1923: Canada::~generally known as tom." In view of present conditions the urgency of the committee's task needs little emphasis. In the past ten  hue Imported coal val-
1923: Canada::of Industrial fuel. Furthermore, the ’»~ fuel problem baa received present capacity of United States Immense amount of close study In bituminous mines is far beyond United recent years—much more than Is gen- ! States consumption requirements, an era 11 y appreciated by the public, export market Is being assiduously which la chiefly familiar with the Ape- Bought, and—much as It may seem dedal measures that have been adopted * 1 nab le from a national and economic In time* of emergency. The officers viewpoint to become entirely Inde-who have dealt with the distribution 1 pendent in the mutter of fuel supply—~ of coal (hiring past period* of short- It appears to bo highly Improbable have not restricted their studies that imports Into central Canada of simply to the question of how to get United States bituminous coal will safely through the Immediate oriels, ever be entirely eliminated They have gone very thoroughly into over, the substitution of a Canadian the whole question of how to proven^ supply from either our eastern or the recurrence of acute shortage of western coal fields were It poestble, The committee has at hand the would not necessarily eliminate the
1923: Canada::~Problem of Central .
1923: Canada::~Into thto breach. It will not In any tral  cannot poesibly hope to	from bhe university,	and communi-	Euserbe	Salverte, an old	French
1923: Four species of batoajn fi> of oc m-merctol importance- IB Sound growing i»~ f ! ed upon them by steady use, n Canada, the most importa it of wt/dh hide- and show great signs of distress	sSsssgsg^g^
1923: Canada::~They say the goats of ( aucasus will ou^  but to most important in follow anyone eagerly who.entices Ontario, Quebec, them with the odor of cinnamon. We Provinces
1923: Canada::~lludderafiekl .	rapid strides m Eastern  and the The final stage of the match
1923: Canada::~in Tourist Travel in Western .
1923: usa:Canada:~and aoutib of the International Boundary are visited by scores of thonds of motorists every year.  has j some of the host of the scenery but
1923: Canada::~the camera. Some of bis tricks baffle yery satisfactory results have been | ty. a noted raconteur the keeneet eyesight, the highly senel- ! secur(Mj ^ the transplanting of spring tiled photographic plate even. One of Bajmon from Dritis-h Columbia to the the location of the work, them, the famous rope trick we learn easteni waters of , according
1923: hy an influential deputation representing the Canadian Manufacturers’ Association, the Retail Merchants’~ Association of Canada, the Wholesalers, Wholesale and Retail Grocers of Canada, the Hardware business, and other branches of commercial and industrial activity, which waited on the Premier and other ineuiliers of the Cabinet last Thursday
1923: Canada::~rasem of Distemper, In-fluenia. Coughs, Colds. Heaves and Worms among horses and mules. Used and endorsed by leading stock farms and veteran drivers of U. F. and  for thirty years. Bold in two sizes at all drug stores.
1923: Linking Up Survey»~ in Northern Canada.
1923: Canada::~HtvorF fcouse to ti if'1 CralK Brother#. Niagara Fail* .
1923: ArpMa la the traie mei* ( réglâ~t er-d In Canada) et Beyer Manufactura ef Mo-.r aeeilr artdaeffcr of Sallcylloer !«. White It is well known t> at Aeplrt* a:sans Uoyr manufacture, to eesiet the publie ma*lruM IwtiaOena tea Tabteta ef Mayer Company Will be stamped with theta genera, trade mark, the “Bayer Crow."
1923: Canada::~tvmted profusely thvoughoiif, and in vwry xxm.v, tin* March 1 one flint no one will want to m Koil anti Uun in  i* pub
1923: ? r»~ mt vp every bard coni, soft corn. ' father was a soldier. He was kilted Wm. miiison Remedv Co. of Canada sc v<ntn day goes f'>rth in t e vy-
1923: Japan:Canada:~The ese Mission, which recently arrived at Vancouver on board the Canadian Pacific steamer "Empress ami crossed  via the C.P.R. on their way to New York, where they are to attend an interna»
1923: Canada::~The forecasters of our Weather Bureau are often surprised by the sudden arrival of unforeseen changes originating In Northern , where there are-no observing stations
1923: Canada::~< liirvmlon, wa* a native of Bali ana nagh, vomit y (.'avail, Ireltnd, ; coming to  during her ôth year, and settling with the family at (ireur .Mount, in Thorne town-hhiu.	I
1923: Canada::~health, one son, Alfred, at home, March 2Pth, of which there is any and one daughter, Mrs William record in . At Hearst. G. Mulligan, of Bristol.	Ont., the mercury dropi>ed to 2S
1923: Ï~ making It merely a matter of time under present conditions before United States money should equal that of the British Isles and pass It In occupying the tlret place in Canadian development. There la no doubt but that In the readjustment of conditions, including the strengthening of sterling, British money will come back to Canada in its old volume. There to no reason
1923: Canada:United States:~Reliance in the great future of  is nuques-/ tioned in the , and it is
1923: Canada::~have so closely watched the trend of Canadian development that  is receiving their funds in such volume.
1923: ments.	The	Domii ion’~s	popularity	is	American	investment in Canada is that	on a i)0arfj	studded with hundreds	of
1923: Canada::~Made in . Sold by Dealers Everywhere, __
1923: CANADA::~PRATT FOOD COMPANY OF , Limited,
1923: United States:Canada:~of the British Isles from the post-war	 firms in  at the	g<Jm^ convenient object,	which serves
1923: U00 or $37,000,000 in excess of the pre- j A„ indications combine to suggest a viously highest figure reached in 19-0. re.eiltry 0f British capital on a large Add to this Investments of a general gcaje jnto Canadian development in nature other than those represented ; 1923. The vanguard arrived in 1922 by the sale of bonds ami it would not and tb,ere has since been a brighten-be difficult to account for well on to j ln€ of conditions in the United King-1300,000,000. Only once, in 1913, has ; dom The emersion from the depres-Camada received a larger amount of sî~on ln the British Isles has been ac-outside capital w ithin a year, when the ^mpanied by a strong desire to total value of Canadian bond sales in strengthen trade ties with the Domini-the United States and Great Britain ang and material indications already was $327.000,000, or approximately but evi(|ence thU a8 far a8 Canada la con-$60.000,000 more than the sales in the Cvrn(ld
1923: This illustrates in a very illuminâ~t- da from the British Isles this year, ing manner the change that has taken 1 but the grpator establishment of place in the currents of finance in so branc^ plants be looked forward to far as Canada is concerned, and how wIth confidence. In the opening days the reservoir of American wealth be- j tbe year came the announcement came available to Canada as soon as that ^^ee British grain brokerage supplies from Britain were cut off. As	would open branch plants In
1923: Canada::~and anxioiu to come to .
1923: Canada:United States:~This tremendous investment In  on the part of the  has been built up npon a basis of faUà
1923: Canada::~Aspirin la the trade mark (r#rtetrre<] In ) of Bayer Manufacture of Mon% acetii-acldeeter of Baileyllrerld. While tt is well known Jhat Asplrti m.-ens B.% nufarture. to ¦¦•tat thr put •	»<'«''"* Hatton*. *	s	.
1923: CANADA::~FORD MOTOR COMPANY OF . LIMITSD. FORD. ONT
1923: Canada::~Those wIk-i have been accustomed to spray thoroughly for the control of insects and diseases each year will need no reminder of the importance <>f having everything in readiness to begin at the right time this year. Those who Alavc sprayed irregularly in the past, or who have not sprayed at all, should be warned that insects and diseases take their toll e\ery year. Some years, and in some places, certain kinds are more troublesome than others, but the only way to be reasonably sure of having clean and uninjured fruit is to be prepared in good time for the fight. If one lias a pump which was not thoroughly cleaned and left in good working order last autumn, this should be overhauled before growth begins this Spring. If left until it is time to take the first spray, which is often the most important one, the critical time might have come and passed before new and necessary parts of the sprayer are received and lie fore the pump is in working condition. If the first spray is not given at the right time, it will be ex: ceedingly difficult, if not impossible, to have clean fruit this year. The tent caterpillar promises to be bad in some parts of , and this is easiest controlled when the first spray is given for apple scab.
1923: Canada:Canada:~portance of  In the affairs of the world Is destined to become still greeted a# greater, for the path of progress and power still Is moving northward. Civilized supremacy seems to be abandoning the warmer climates for colder regions, and It seems not unreasonable to suggest that In the logical sense of events supremacy will eventually be centred In , or at any rate In the northern half of the continent of America. This Is no Idle conclusion. In the year 3400 DO. the point of supremacy wa* in Upper Egypt, when the mean temperature Is 76 degrees. Four centuries Inter It was In Lower Egypt, where the mean temperature Is 70 degrees. As time went on the path of supremacy continued to ascend northward or cold-ward, and In the first century, Anno Domini, the centre of world power was In Home, which has a mean temperature of 60 degrees. We now find that the point of supremacy is where the mean temperature is between 48 and 50 degrees, or in the latitude of Lon-
1923: Too long have Canadians, caught between pride In their country find « dev sire to be reasonably truthful, compromised In their discussions of the Cana-dlan winter with that phrase—“~it's cold, but you don't feel It " truth Is, It Is cold, and you do feel It. But the truth Is, also, that instead of being n handicap to progress and development, the sharp, bright, cold win-tors of Canada are among the greatest of her blessings. T\ ey may even, with fairness, he described as national as-
1923: Canada::~man healthy, alive; which fires him with the desire and, It may he, with the necessity, of accomplishment; which does not lure him to beds of ease and slothfulnosa, but fires him with ambition to be "up and doing, with a will for any fate; still achieving, still pursuing" a climate is a really good climate, and such a climate have we in . I
1923: Canada::~sell beneath and the Inland waterways hours of daylight are less and the op-1 they erect suitable houses and keep are locked up tightly by frost. I s portunltlc3 for engaging In outdoor their surroundings In good order. The well for  that those things are	ftre not so many afi they are in number of fhse cottages is steadily In-
1923: Canada::~Guadeloupe or ?
1923: Canada:Canada:~Franco, rs part of the price of victory, the Island of Guadeloupe. France objected to giving up Guadeloupe because it contained rich sugar plantations, and sugar was then regarded as an indispensable product in about the same way as oil is regarded to-day. England was offered , but the English delegates to the Peace Conference had no enthusiasm for such a bargain. They did not want . They could see very little value in it.
1923: England:Canada:~True, there were some fish off the banks of Newfoundland and some furs Inland, but on the whole they much preferred the small island of Guadeloupe. The French insisted upon retaining Guadeloupe but were willing to give up Canada, perhaps for the very reason that the English did not want It After a prolonged deadlock  was persuaded to take  for political rather than economic reason».
1923: France:Canada:~Voltaire, the famous French essayist and philosopher, remarked that  was well rid of her 15,000,000 acres of mow, meaning, of course, .
1923: Canada::~of, but  looms larger sod larger against the world’s sky-H ne, and If history may be taken s# a guida the tm-
1923: An Increase of approximately 1,000,- the Federal Government Indicate an 000 pounds of line over the preceding Increasing demand for mineral proyear was recorded ln 1922. In all some ducts, and everything points to 1923 64,000,000 pound»~ was produced, as being a banner year for the mining valued at $3.092,000. Production was industry of Canada, solely confined to British Columbia, and was accounted for by the Trail
1923: Canada::~The Bank of Nova Scotia, one of the oldest institutions in , invites you to open your savings account at any of its branches.
1923: Canada:usa:~When the bison disappeared from the western plaint of , the Indiana, about thirty thond In number, became a charge on the people of
1923: Canada::~Of the total area of , eighty per cent Is non-agrlcultural and except where -timber Is growing very little of this great non-arable section 1» producing any considerable wealth.
1923: Canada::~Some day in  there will be a forest disaster Indeed. The rain will not always lend Its protecting influence. Not only ln the colonizing areas are conditions ripening, but throughout the forested areas as welL In fact, there never has been so much slash and debris In the forests awaiting a prolonged drought to convert them Into highly Inflammable tinder. Lumbering operations every year are becoming more highly Intensified; more trees are cut on a given area and more slash Is left on the ground, j Larger openings are made ln the foreet ' and the duff and litter on the forest
1923: Some day there will be a holocaust ln- A good deal of our "tasting*’~ is done deed. The extent of the devastation by smell! The organs of smell con-in Eastern Canada will not be enumer- vey to the brain their opinion of our ated ln thousands of acres, nor ln food before true "tastes" operate at
1923: Canada::~subject,  has to Into con-from nearly every part of the Empire, «~ideratlon the home demand, tM5 de Representatives from the United King- mand from the different parts of the flora, Canada, Australia, New Zea- Empire, and the general export trade, land, India, South Africa, Newfound- aad In doing this the Information fur-land, and the Crown Colonies took nlshed by the deliberations of this part and frankly discussed the forest- gathering will be of great value. j ry problems presented to the Individ-	Empire Timber Supplies,
1923: Canada::~Our lumbering interests, our pulp and paper business . Ing industries, must not only live, but I must grow ln stature and wealth-producing power, or else  declines and becomes a weakling ln the great family of nations that look up to one flag.
1923: Canada::~policy, it is most appropriate and fortunate that  should have been
1923: Canada::~Roman Catholics in  number
1923: Canada::~Methodists throughout  mini- ! Cords	of wood, shingle bolts and	other
1923: CANADA::~FORD MOTOR COMPANY OF . LIMITED
1923: Canada::~June 1, 1921, there were in  19,656 Mormons, 12,685 Doukhobors,
1923: Canada::~11,288 Buddhists, 27,319 Vonfucians, and 478 Mohommedans. Sikhs and Hindus are given as numbering 849, and Shintos 427. Atheists are shown as numbering only 1,041 throughout , Agnostics 594, and Free Thinkers 1,126.
1923: Canada::~Shipped to Any Addreti in , Exprès* Paid
1923: Canada::~These or any Amberol Record sent to any address in . FREE DELIVERY on receipt of price. 40c each—2 for 75c. Send in your order now for a supply at these reduced prices.
1923: Canada::~packed in  for sale in Ca ^ ' largely upon a satisfactory outlet It |	, t	ifj J	and'the weeds aro beginning to bloom, little son was too small to take to such from the child's attitude of expect-
1923: Canada::~Eastern  there is adequate	n consequence many cars have defects	duces five generations a	year,	mid	burn	up entire y, ut	ne tg pom	is	BUrprieing results.	well above that of ordinary lambs and
1923: Canada::~fairly good	natural	drainage,	but	not	were without bedding, a large factor	plant. Nor are	these cases exception-	know what your plants are, dig up	indicated by Report No. 8, which has( jn ,"	the	author	quotes	the
1923: United States:Canada:~We are behind the times in this respect. In England reduction was made some time ago. In the  the two-cent rate was restored soon after ttfe war ended. Business is under unfair competition in  in cotise <1 tie nee of the continuance of the three cent rate in this country. - Halifax Herald.
1923: Canada::~\ My stomachwasin such bad condi- (>f mothers in  through lion that I could not eat anything with- chn<1 birth is one to every 200 out suffering. Before I had taken a babies-far too many.
1923: Canada:United States:~vegetables are wilted and likely to be lutely he had kept his syes on the rond	in  and the  is	the following spring. Trouble, how-	Ye8« ,n>r b°y "
1923: Canada::~Introduced by Geodetic Survey of .
1923: on the progress and accuracy of IU miniature bulb» are used (depending surveys. Whatever be the business of on the length of line), while current the pioneer—lumbering, mining ranch- Is provided either by dry cells or lug or farming—~he always proceeds storage batteries. The old-style acety-with greater confidence and energy lene lamp has also been adapted to when he feels that his property boun- use electric bulbs, and this change has dariea are accurate, and the fruits of greatly increased Its efficiency, hto labor thus secure, than when this matter Is In doubt. Canada has one of the finest systems of survey In the world and the officers charged with Its operation are ever seeking to make the work more efficient and economi-
1923: Canada::~switches ty the Geodetic Survey  in conectlon with electric signal lamps used by triangulation ;mrtles ha» resulted In a substantial saving.
1923: Canada::~tances as . Contrary to general tween the two determined the width of * hiougl. the lower loop she inserts a belief, the compass needle does not	tjie rug Each family has its	own de-	Ft()Ut Pole, whuh she runs	under
1923: Mr. Woodbe—“~No, Indeed,	it's	love.	In Canada, It has for the last forty	contafns thirty million knots.	It took
1923: Canada::~Charts showing the variation of the compass in Western  and other magnetic information are available upon request.
1923: Canada::~of power In a portion of  where fuel le scarce and expensive, the Department of the Interior le, through Its various branches, taking every precaution to make certain that the power resources of the Winnipeg River wfll
1923: Canada::~to reveal the unselfish heroism of Him yet another fable says that the rose ing flight Into Egypt, one of these flow- been sold for six times its weight In which was hailed as an omen of future The rose amateurs of  are so who gave his all for the salvation of rece|Ved Its color from Venus, who in era sprang up to mark every spot gold. From India we get a tradition peace and harmony.	numerous at the present day that It Is
1923: Canada::~The prevalence of flood conditions ln aim Is therefore preventive rathe: varj0U8 river sections of  dur-than curative. It regards the com- : jng recent weeks, apparently ln Jn-
1923: per demureness and definite amuse- what’s the matter with his car.”~	pies, strawberry tarts, lemonade, egg	Canada is bounded by three oceans;
1923: Canada::~The total value of forest products In as an absolutely black flower  In 1920, the last y air for which complete returns are available, was colpr during Its period of blooming, approximately $316.000,000, ,tays the For Instance, the beautiful double
1923: Canada::~Aspirin Is the trade merit (r-rte^rrd In ) of Bayer Manufacture of M acetlceelilesiier of Halley Hr arid. While H I# well known that Aeplrla manufacture, to a/stst the pu' 'tr arahiat imitation*, the Tablets of Bayer Ca wiu be stamped with their genera! trade mark, the "Bayer Croat*
1923: Canada:Canada:~In 1922  paid for insurance against Are loss over fifty-three million dollars, according to an abstract statement published by the Superintendent of Insurance. The insurance companies returned to policyholders nearly thirty-six and one-half million of dollars against Are losses of approximately forty-four million dollars, a charge for insurance and uncovered losses of over sixty-one million dollars. On the basis of the 1921 census, this sum represents seven dollars per head for every man, woman and child in , while the head or of a family of Ave, the family unit in this country, has to meet a payment
1923: Canada::~Prize lists are now available for the 3(ith annual exhibition of the Central  Exhibition Association and may be had on application to the Secretary, Mr. J. K. Paisley.
1923: Canada::~The Ottawa fair is the largest in Eastern , in fact takes second plane to only one annual exhibition on the continent. An idea of its importance in the encouragement of live stock and agricultural production is the fact that over $35,000 is offered in prize money for live stock. Encouragement is given to all branches of industry and art and to education along valuable lines. Notable factors in the big fair are the automobile show, the pure food show, baby show and child's welfare, dog and cat shows, art exhibit, women's useful and fancy work, domestic science
1923: Canada::~Jsurpor National Park la rapidly com- Jueper. the quaint little mountain town tng lato It# own ea one of the foremost on the shore# of the Athubaeka River, tourist resorts In the Canadian Rock- The Parks' authorities have designed lea. Although It warn eet aside In 1907 a town plan for Jasper In order that and Is the largest of the greet play- j Re future growth may be kept In har-grounds administered by the Govern- mony with the beautiful environment, ment of , the lack of adequate a"d th’s plau will form the basis of all accommodation for visitors, until last future developments, year, ha# prevented Its use on the part A gclf course is being laid out oast of the public In proportion to Its lm- of Lac Beauvert and adjacent to the portance. Since Its reservation the Lodge by the Canadian National Parks National Parks' authorities have stead- Branch. The Mount Edith Cavell high-lly carried on development work In the **y, which takes Its name from the construction of road# and trails to the Brest peak, 11,033 feet high, named In seenlo point# of greatest attraction memory of the gallant British nurse, and It now possesses 662 miles of l,aB been completed to within five road# and trails. Two years ago the miles of it# terminus. Striking and Canadian National Railways erected f Beautiful panoramas are afforded by tie first hotel— Jasper Park Lodge—I vantage points scattered all along this the shores of beautiful Lac Beau- uew highway. An Important new trail vert. Thte 1# a bungalow camp com has been opened up from what 1# posed of a central building surrounded i knowu as Sunwapta cibin on the Sun-by a group of rustic chalets which w&pta branch of the Athabaska River serve a# sleeping quarters. The lm-|over Eoboktan pats a .d down to Bra* ntonse popularity of this accommoda- KCAU Lake. This stretch links up a tlon lost year resulted In extensions ^erle# of trails covering a distance of thl# season which will provide for 260 over 3°0 miles, constituting probably guests and plana are being made for,** longest trail in m.y of the national similar chalets In Tonquin valley and Park*-Maligne
1923: There were 516,444 motor vehicles «~ In Canada In 1922. according to the latent government report led nil other provinces In the number I of vehicles, followed by Saskatchewan, Quebec, Manitoba, Alberta, British Columbia, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island.
1923: Canada::~fgal  Exhibit;
1923: Canada::~Aspirin Is the trade mark ( registered In ) of Payer Manufacture of Mono aceticacldeeter of Salicyllcartd. While It la well known that Aspirin means Bayer
1923: The plant was built In 1921. It warn located at New Westminster because that city is the centre for the Fraser raJtoy, where the facilities for collecting flr cones are the greatest. The spruce conw, however, aw collected In the Queen Charlotte Island». Tills plant to the only one of 11»~ kind hi Canada. There are a number of small
1923: "The historian may gather a fairly ence before giving a lecture, and the clear Idea of 'Nancy Astor by Lady chairman proceeded to remark, 'We Astor’~ from the little volume of her1 used to send out to Canada various speeches Just published, under the title—My Two Countries.
1923: Canada::~^	u . In  they have gone to Quebec
1923: Canada::~We were the wealth of ;
1923: Canada::~We helped to hold  up;
1923: Canada::~That is burning the vitals of .
1923: Canada::~An X-Ray of high voltage as a sub ' Sportsmen throughout  are stitute for the use of radium ln the requested to write to the Commission- cure of cancer Is being advocated by er, Canadian National Parks, Depart- j special Is ts ln some of our most im-ment of the Interior, Ottawa, giving partant centres, hill Information about any banded
1923: Canada::~The Dominion of  refunding loan of one hundred and seventy-two
1923: “~war premier stage of the late world conflict, is dm to arrive in Canada in a day or two,
1923: Canada::~Here, in , the yellow-skinned
1923: o™~	_	___	Canada only through	• men	to dll the earth unless he Is	Borne	of the careless	beekeepers	of comb honey by parcel post, and the	usually stand idle. Because of this
1923: Canada::~Under authority of the Minister of Finance the Bank of Nova Scotia will redeem the maturing 1923 Victory Bonds at par at any of its branches throughout .
1923: Canada::~The prime importance of having the ary line between the United Sta boundaries of an Individual's real pro- and  extends south 645 miles pertv accurately surveyed and defined along the 14 let Merldan to Mount Ht. both by murks on the ground and by Elias, and parallels the Pec f c H" description on paper, and a record of a short distance Inland and through the same property registered and ac- the Portland canal for a distance of
1923: Canada:Canada:~I can find no statements In the vari-offlcla! reports as to the extent of the area tinder fores plantations In . If, however, we take the number of seedlings known to have been distributed by the Dominion and Provincial organizations, and the areas planted by private companies during the past 20 years, and suppose that they were planted at the rate of 1,200 per acre, and allow a 20 per cent, loss, we find that in the neighborhood of 50,000 acres have been planted to trees, or at the rate of 2,500 acres a year for the past twenty years, only fair to point out, however, that only a small portion of this area Is what would be strictly called forest plantation. Much the greater portion consists of shelter belts and small patches of waste land on farms. So far as I am able to ascertain, there are about 6,000 acres of actual forest plantations, for the purpose of timber production alone, In Eastern .
1923: Canada::~The planting of forests In  Is not confined to Government organizations. It is a notable and significant fact that certain pulp and paper companies are carrying on reforestation
1923: $1000.00 in Mortgage at 7% will pay her 10 cents tier day. to the importance of keeping contracts delay expired it shall come into force and T..|œ~ stock of VOUr estate, Mr. Husband, and make Up the in Canada and thus contributing to the ,.%%n,"'th^l'i'. if ?” so .twin's • difference between what you have and what is needed, in
1923: Canada::~of  Limited
1923: n-srlv always a ’~'armer, is given the Slovakia. Canada subs .	>	At the Central Farm at Ottawa, they *. chj in Hnd buy a good bunting iced lemonade. It isn’t fit for a dog to work with no word of
1923: Canada::~It has likewise hern point 'd out re- Wales in the same time. Only six of unground because sheep dislike a fine, saw far ahead an umbrella waving mugt do aomething or ho will only I do not believe In paying a child eeutly that the Western Canadian the thirty countries exceeded  » duaty or floury M.	| hack and orth in the air and wonder- ^ ^ M.e{ „	for every bit of work he does because
1923: Canada:Canada:~in  for the last ten years has come overwhelming, and  can	stration, after which they adopted the	soiled table and kitchen linen. In the	niorrow we can’t have the picnic—	»
1923: Canada::~they were received, not only by dairy	substitutes are barred from ,	eliminated the trouble of a	second in-	find thl3 a b^XeT *** of keeping the	“Put	on	your	raincoat	and	rubbers	Joan,g	thoughts	were bu*y	as she
1923: Canada::~Ing laws are all described elusions arrived at are embodied in a couple of pages at the end, a number of advantages enjoyed by  pointed out and the policies that must
1923: Canada::~tains proper of twelve tablets cost few cents. Druggists also sell bottles of 24 and 100. Aspirin is the trade mark (registered In ) of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaootlcacidester o' Sullcylicacid. While It is well known that Aspirin Bayer Manufacture, to assist
1923: Canada::~My hogs still ha\e lice after I hatch. If >ou dont do this, your work many litters were studied in , observed instances where ewe lambs thrum, flowers of sulphur, and tobac- .. didn't n**d pwnat ? «h ? dipped them and made a rubbing post	is not effective, for	your	hogs become	our average of 8.82 pigs per litter	were mated the first year and I am co. Powdered sabadilla is effective	f,,"tWT7.V0, ° \ '*"1*
1923: Canada::~until every family In  Is within reach of proper help.
1923: Canada::~Manufactered by Imperial Tobacco Company ol  Limited
1923: to our country than to the more Important duty of making It possible for our own Canadian families to Increase In healthy normality. Federal appropriations for the promotion of immigration projects are a great deal larger than the combined provincial appropriations for the conservation of health—~a fact, for which no one but the people of Canada themselves
1923: United States:Canada:~ returned to ,
1923: Considerable progress was made in I ‘I.** nnd when in liis ofli« e. ’*(>." the I Lake ofl the Ottawa ttivei •~ providing paper : the settlement of the cattle embargo whole aliening Clio -Ivmdt.n Express. that the provisions now m force of tlie. question between Canada and Great	______ law relating to railways in the province ,
1923: Canada::~the best interest.*  consciously perhaps tion of a “party
1923: Canada::~How Should  Export Beef Cattle?
1923: Canada::~Winter Egg Production. Wintering Rees in .
1923: Canada::~' Inseparably linked up with the progress of any country Is the necessity for suitable maps on which to work out lines of development. , therefore, with her large extent of natural resources, has a vital need for maps. Such maps, to be of the fullest possible value, cannot be mere outlines of physical feature. They must present information Intimately connected with the resources In question, factors In favor of or against their economical development, and such other particulars as may be necessary. As a base for such specialized maps and as an adjunct by itself to moat enterprises, It has been found that the true topographical map is of the ut most value.
1923: service»~ that have carried on topo graphic surveying in the Dominion is the Topographical Survey of Canada.
1923: Canada::~ing done by this branch of the service was carried ou in the newer portions of Western . The need for the laying out of homestead lands in ad-of settleim nt was imperative
1924: Canada::~la Fourni In  In the Lauren-
1924: Canada::~Graphite is louad in  in the ^.aurentian country, north of the •mi 11v uuawa river id, the Canadian output amounted o 3,114 tuns, having a value of #250,000
1924: l’~uncils uiuy be regarded as a graphite product, IJy including them, i he toial is very considerably increased. Last year the pencils brought into Canada had a value ot $721.846, and on these imported pencils the custoiusduties amounted to $11*2,532.
1924: Canada::~a small brush, and still the v uni is yet begun, since  does not now so used by artists
1924: Canada::~Last year  did not give her adherence to the Treaty of Commerce nd Navigation between Britain and
1924: Canada::~breeds have been eliminated entirely while in the ease of others, they share rather meagrely in the vuonev. The Central  far-)
1924: Canada::~mer therefore stands to gain im- their exploration of  was tec-mvnsvlv I'm mu ;i slimv of this kind, ogul^d by the upvakfis al the Park-
1924: Canada::~the river, bearing home those who desired to go, but left behind 60.000 Frenchmen, and these sleep along \ the banks of the St. Lawrence, but they are not forgotten, and  owes a great duty to them, but we also think of that other 60,000 who to-night sleep, In peace that knows no ending, in Flanders field, in Picardy and Artoiae."
1924: Canada:Spain:~ will begin soon business with  in agricultural machinery, iron and other articles will probably come to a standstill.
1924: Canada::~ernor-Gvneral of ; Augustin Pré~vost, whose g or. became 1 ag- 1 nor-General 01 Canada, and Henri arid Bouquet, so notable a figure that one writer believes that, it fever had not earned him off at 42, the United Slates would still be British. All three were Swiss. Of Swiss origin, ! -lu»w. loo, was Joseph Friedrich Wallet Des Barres, forty-seven years on the officers’ roll of the regiment, who became Gcn vrnor of Cape Breton, and later Lieutenant-Governor of Prim Lb ward Island. Another Roj Aim rican of mark was Samuel H land, the first Surveyor-General «~. f Canada, who was of Flemish birth.
1924: Canada:France:~'s Debt to .
1924: Canada::~Summer, comes later, and earlier than November. The Handbook of Indians of , cii by the Geographic Board of uiia, states that Indian Summer The short season of pleasant ther usually occurring about the middle of •November." coivjpondin ; io the European St. Martin’s Slimier. Si. Martin’s Day or Martinmas falls on November 11, and in Lug- | land St.' Martin’s Summer usually iccurs after that date.
1924: Canada::~In Eastern' the late autumn in 'a:	a snowfall, followed by
1924: raiher severe cold sufficient to freeze first "alarm" was turned in by Alex-bver small pools and sluggish and«~T Mackenzie.* the noted explorer streams. Then the sky becomes clear of Canada's vast northern si retches, The sun shines brightly and In the year 1789. In a quaint book ith considerable warmth. The entitled "Voyages Through North
1924: Canada::~Confederation, British were stationed in the principal cities in . The officers in th< se regi- is ments—especially the subaltern officers—wire inclined to put on su- w perior airs before the eye of w hut w they call< d 'bloomin’ colonials,' when they could get away with it sometimes they met with a well-deserved rebuke.
1924: Canada::~Commissariat Service, been in  for a mi mo years, and during the wa was captured near Froecoit b> American contingent and lodged i the common jail at Worcester, Mas À f<
1924: ie new bank opened for business the City Council of Toronto was trying to borrow £~1,000 In anticipation of tax collections later in the year. The three chartered banks litre, toe Upper Canada, Commercial and Gore, refused, partly because the J Council was already in debt Agricultural Bank stepped in and accepted the proposal. 1 hen It began to pay interest at the rate of 3 per cent, on deposits, an innovation unheard of fn colonial banking circles. .Next it began to draw specie for reserves from the chartered backs. They retaliated by refusing lo accept the notes of the Agricultural Bank but the public sided with the newcomer, and the result was that its notes remained in circulation, while those of the chartered banks were returned for redemption. In 1834 it opened an agency at Buffalo, but the speculations .of Its qgent there finally proved its ruin.
1924: S^gwas favorable, though it did not go much beyond opinion. In the spring of 1837 William Lyon Mackenzie, in his paper, The Constitution, exhorted the people, “~Get gold and silver for your bank paper while It is yet within your power." The Agricultural Bank was forced to issue notes at Toronto payable only at Montreal, l where they were redeemed in notes of banks which had suspended specie payment, thus practically following the example of the Bank of Upper Canada, which was using Bank of Montreal notes. In November, 1837, Mackenzie announced, "Truscott & Company are done up," and in another article, “TruscotP A Company are bankrupt in right earnest." A committee of the Assembly which reported on February 2, 1838, found that there were unpaid notes of the bank in Toronto and Montreal amounting to £20,000. with no provision for meeting them.
1924: Canada::~Manufactured by Imperial Tobacco Company ol  Limited
1924: Canada::~Tlu1 Stm Lite Assurance Co. of  The Globe & Rente The Fidclity-PIm nix Fire In Phe Northern Assm
1924: Canada::~IN VIEW of the greet demand for farm help existing in , the Canadian Pacific Railway will continue its Farm Help Service during 1924 and will enlarge its scope to include women domestics and boys.
1924: Canada::~In order to have the help reach  in time for the Spring operations farmers needing help should arrange to get their applications in early, the earlier the better, as naturally those applications which are received early will receive first attention.
1924: Canada::~vice of  is to be investigated, was In 1857 similarly organized as
1924: Canada::~public demand that the budget of the Dominion of  be made to balance.”
1924: Canada::~The funeral was held on Dec. 251 h in the Connexion*! Methodist Church at Radford, Que., and was largely attended, which showed the respect in which the deceased was held. The service was conducted by Rev. G. C. Heslop, pastor, assisted by Rev. M. I. Robinson, of the Methodist Church; Rev. A. Wiley, of the Holiness Movement Church, and Rev. A. G. Shea, of Ottawa, President of the  Wesleyan Conference, preached the sermon. The text was—II Peter 1: 11—" For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.” The service was closed by prayer by Rev. H. Fresque, of the Presbyterian Church. Her remains were laid at rest in Maple Grove cemetery at Shaw ville, by the side of her second eldest son, Earl, who died November, 1922.
1924: Canada:Canada:~On October 29th, the largest dry dock In the world was opened officially at St. John, N.B., by Baron Byng of Vlmy, Governor-General of . From all over  there were present for the ceremony some of the most prominent men In the Dominion—railway magnates, captains of Industry and commerce. Ministers of the Crown. Senators and provincial statesmen.
1924: Canada::~POUNDS LEAF TOBACCO. ONE pound is flue cured. Mailed all over  for $2. Lewis Wigle, Leamington, Ont
1924: Canada::~In ) of Bayer Manufacture ot	»	s	*	me feel aa if I most
1924: Canada::~Floral tributes were received from Fairview Lodge No. 61, I.O.O.F.; Jubilee Rebecca Lodge ; General Relief Hoard, I.O.O.F.; Native Sons of  No. 2 ; Canadian Daughters, j League No 1 ; Singer Sewing Machine Company employees; Whi Sewing Machine store staff ; B.C.E.U. Union, DIv. 101 :
1924: Canada::~Statistics oi the Automobile Club ?Z  show that the number ot registered automobile owners in th# Province of Quebec last year (1923), was 74,805 as compared with 398 in 1908. The increase Will continue,
1924: Canada::~A curious anachronism in the Canadian laws governing the nationality of married women was recently discussed at a convention of the social Service Council of . According to the present system a Canadian woman who marries an alien herself becomes an alien and remains one after her husband's death. A
1924: Canada::~a French citizen, or a Norwegian citizen, she la forthwith deprived of her British nationality. Moreover it is impossible for her to resume British nationality during the lifetime of her husband except in the extreme case of the outbreak of war between Hie Majesty and the State of which her husband is a subject In such event it is provided that if the wife declares her desire to resume British nationality she may be granted a certificate of naturalization provided the Secretary of State of  approves. But ordinarily it is Impossible for her to regain her British nationality during her husband’~s lifetime, no matter how earnestly she may desire it The unsatisfactory character of this law is all the more apparent when the family continues to reside in Canada, the husband refusing to become naturalized, and the wife prevented by outdated law from exercising the rights of citizenship which were formerly hers.
1924: Canada::~The present law is patently unjust As international communication grows easier and as travel increases there will naturally occur an increasing number of international marriages. It is therefore important that the matter of revising the law touching nationality of married women be given careful attention in  In the very near future. Marriage with an alien is not an offence against the state and should not continue to be penalized as at present To deprive a woman of her British nationality under these circumstances is to class her deliberately with “infants, idiots and imbeciles,” to whom are applied the same disabilities.
1924: Canada::~A suggestion has been made that this question be placed upon the agenda of the next Imperial Confer-en ce. It is a matter upon which the various parts of the Empire should take action simultaneously, and this can be done if there is sufficient expression of public opinion in  and other Dominions to warrant the alteration of the present inadequate laws.
1924: Canada::~The tliiid, and probably the last of the fourteenth Parliament of  was formally opened on Thursday afternoon last by His Excellency Baron Byng of Vi my, with the customary imposing ceremonies.
1924: Scots, the 8th King’~s, many of whom fell in its defence; the 42nd Highlanders and the 93rd Highlanders (both of whom fought at Waterloo), the 71st Highlanders, the 13th Hussars, the 30th Regiment, the 19th Hussars, who fought at Quecnston Heights, the 47th Lancashire, a detachment of the 29th Regiment, under Capt. Middleton, (afterwards General); the 16th, brought out during the Trent affair; the 17th Bengal Tigers, 3rd, 4th and 10th Batteries of Artillery, the 24th Regiment; lastly the Newfoundland Regiment and the 100th Regiment of Royal Canadian Rifles, which was raised in Canada for service in the Indian Mutiny, and afterwards disbanded in Canada.
1924: CANADA::~ing for a rising market;	;| TORONTO	 I wastage. The smaller the quantity Ye may talk about pigs in the good try the second time, especially if he
1924: v| 4- Under finish—~Pigs	not finished	from Canada to Mexico, and through-	the ice. The ice should be taken from	Wlta a bandLlof 8freen ^rePeJ pap6r	These pigs are to serve as models.
1924: Canada:United States:~Complete Radio Map of  and the , showing all Broadcasting Stations, giving Call Numbers and Locations.
1924: Canada::~of .
1924: CANADA::~IMPERIAL TOBACCO O. OF  LIMITED
1924: Canada::~In ) of Bayer Manufacture of	^ week# thln and nervous ^ache or melancholia, roualmuld et
1924: A match between a team of Campbell's Bay junior hockeyists — who «~to not get a chance to play Canada's great Winter sport on account of not having a rink of some kind—and a team «
1924: United States:Canada:~The windiest zone of the nortliern | hemirplieve embraces the nortliern  and southern , uni The windiest months are those of n«lii{) «il riiorne late .autumn, winter end very early 1 in FVLL on or spring. August has the lowest avertie fore Tpri l 1st, 1924. All out-stand- age wind velocity, March and early il Taxes and Itri - r	April the highest. Wind is the How
1924: Canada::~cemetery in Pembroke.	.”	1 ville.
1924: UnAndPBnL‘the time, in the very centrefast m anyone can dilute to you jF/u."'‘~| Canada has now more than 100,000
1924: Canada::~Chevrolet cars are built in  by Canadian workmen. Every dollar you pay not only buys a good-looking, comfortable car, but helps build up a strong Canadian industry.
1924: •~ft.iwport.fion- Chevrolet Motor Company aei	of Canada, Limited
1924: Canada::~Sir Edmund Walker, president of the Canadian I lank of Commerce, one of the most outstanding figures in the banking and financial world in , died in Toronto on Thursday morning, after a short illness, in his Ttitli year.
1924: Canada::~Army and Navy Veterans In , 121 Bishop Street, Montreal.
1924: Canada::~Imperial Veterans In , 700 Main Street Winnipeg.
1924: CANADA::~IMPERIAL T05ACC0 CO. OF  LIMITED
1924: Canada::~Headache Lumbago Rheumatism Pain. Pain Accept "Bayer Tablets of Aspirin" only. Each unbroken package contains proven directions. Handy boxes of twelve tablets cost few cents. Druggists also sell bottles of 24 and 100. Aspirin Is the trade mark (registered in ) of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacidester of Salicylicacld. While it la well known that Aspirin means Bayer Manufacture, to assist the public against Imitations, the Tablets of Bayer Company will be stamped with their general trade mark, the "Bayer Cross."
1924: Canada::~"A backward Spring"* is the report from practically every section of Eastern . Snow Hurries, cold rains, sharp winds, bleak weather. April, on the whole was not an ideal month, if we except the closing days.
1924: CANADA::~THE  STARCH CO. LIMITED
1924: Canada::~Chevrolet Motor Company of , Limited
1924: CANADA::~THE SUN LIFE ASSURANCE CO., OF , LTD
1924: Canada::~niasioners of the Provincial Bank of That we I , etc.
1924: Canada::~teacher. Miss Williams, be re-engaged I reciter and she toured  giv-for coming school year.	ing recitals earning enough in two
1924: Canada::~Publications Branch, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa, .
1924: Canada::~By far the greater number of Irish names to be found In  to-day trace back in an unbroken line to the clan end sept names. (The sept Is a subdivision of the clan). In fact, there arc many persons In Ireland to-day who, among their countrymen, are still known to the hereditary chieftains of these ancient lines. Such persons are colloquially known by their surnames with the article "The "
1924: Canada::~Manufactured by Imperial Tobacco Company of  Limited
1924: Canada::~The Equity was not favored Ottawa Electric Company, and with a poster or anything to in- president of the Dunlop Rubber form it as to the nature of the Company of , who died at gathering which is to be held at his home, “Lornado,” Rockliffe, on the Campbells Bay exhibition Tuesday, May 13, 1924. grounds on Tuesday next, June The large fortune will remain in 19th, but from all reports, a big the family. After providing in a day is being prepared for with a most substantial manner for his good program of races and other widow And making many subsports.	,	Stantial bequests to near relatives,
1924: Canada::~Rod and tinn in  is pub- competitors. Our prices are away below that of the city studios H. Iv Photo Artist.
1924: CANADA::~OF  LIMITED >
1924: to Z ZIr 11!Ml,.ThT pu^08* U of KaTho Cowblrd Ih the only purely para-•~ temporary nature or for long real- sltlcal rpeclee among U,e perching dance. And we admit that hit oppor- blrda of Canada. There are numeroua tunlty for materials and location la a famlllea of blrda Included In the factor In carrying out hla will and Perchera, and many apeclea In theae
1924: Canada::~length of the Ruby-throated Humming- steals from a Woodpecker. And then ton, and noted that the parents made bird, the common summer resident of he lines the nest with cast snake qU|te circuitous visits and departures , is only three and one-half skins, often leaving an end hanging t0 jt
1924: Canada::~come out to  to win their¦	¦
1924: CANADA::~THE SUM LIFE ASSURANCE CO., OF , L’TO
1924: •~THE CANADIAN PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY, of Canada, a bod y politic and corporate duly in-co rporated, carrying on business as a ra ilroad and having its principal place of business in the City and district of
1924: J oseph Michael Skelley, late of the •City and district of Montreal, and now •~of Bryson, in the district of Pontiac, an d Frederick W. Ward, late of the said City and district of Montreal, and of parts unknown outside of Canada, the said Joseph Michael Skelley and Frederick W. Ward heretofore doing bus iness together in partnership under the name and style of “ The Atlas Equipment & Supply Co.” in the said City of Montreal and elsewhere, which
1924: Canada::~Statistics from Ottawa show that in 1923 653,977 pounds more Green Tea brought into  than in
1924: Canada::~Aspirin Is the trade mark (registered In  > of Bayer Manufacture of Mon*-acetlcacldeeW of Sallcyllcacld
1924: after spending a week at the R- W. Hodgins on Thursday of l^rOR SALE-Litter cross-bred Chester-Social Service Conference of the this week at 7.80 p. m. The ladies white and Yorkshire Pigs—~ready for im Church of England in Canada and of the Clarendon Institute will be mediate delivery. Apply to J. W. Hynes, the United States.	guests.	R R- No..3, tihawville-Phone 17:4.
1924: Canada::~There are many s-tmies in the Dominion that can he utilized instead of imported materials, such as the Tyndall limestone of Manitoba, which ranks above any other limestone quarried in , and the SackvHie sandstone of New Brunswick, a red freestone largely used in the Maritime Provinces and many parts of Ontario and Quebec. Another excellent stone is the Wallace sandstone of Nova Scotia, which is suitable for tine carved work and largely used in the construction of permanent buildings In eastern ('anad.t, the trimming of the Victoria museum at Ottawa being a good example. Owing to the cos* of transportation these stones cannot always be used, and more local deposits must supply the greater part of the demand.
1924: Canada:United States:~The chief building stone quarried in the maritime provinces Is sandstone, and desirable stones of olive-green, blue, brown and red colors have been extensively used for public and private structures throughout the provinces and also shipped to distant points both in  and the . The province of Quebec produces limestone of structural quality in large amounts, is rich in granite of various kinds, and is growing in importance as a producer of marble.
1924: Canada::~As nearly every variety of stone may be used for building purposes, reference cannot here be made to all the deposits worthy of development in eastern , but those rnentiioned are sufficient to point out that there are many excellent Canadian building stones that can be utilized to meet the
1924: Invention.	Uay»~.	yearg considered conservation of cer- Canada has other public domains, sive and because the territory has ncver thought we could assume Is laid
1924: usa::"Five thond Canadian forest Industries, with their half a million dependent»~ and two thousand towns, are propped up on nothing than spruce and pine and fir trees. Unless the people of Canada, who use the woods for work or play, stop this renegade buslneogof starting forest fires, Canada will be faced with an exodus-ff population which a century of effort will fail to remedy."—-Canadian Forestry Association.
1924: Canada::~Manufactured by Imperial Tobacco Company of  Limited
1924: Japan::~8 locality  and China Green Teas, ¦~ 1-tile demand fell off. Ceylon and India started producing Green Tea on a large scale only in recent years. They were of such fine quality and delicious flavor that Green Tea drinkers Immediately recognized their superiority and demanded them In ever Increasing quantities. Balada Tea Company Is practically the sole Importer of Ceylon and India Green Teas In Canada.
1924: usa:Canada:~passed on, and her guide Informed her on sale ,n flv<? thond offices throughout .
1924: Canada::~Rod and Gun in  is published by W, J. Taylor, Ltd.,
1924: Canada::~Imorning and Afternoon. Mi s  employed permanent others \\ H, Craiiim and Mrs. K. 8
1924: CANADA::~THE SUN LIFE ASSURANCE CO., OF , L’TO
1924: Mr. and Mr*. U. A. Hotvard were in Pembroke last Thursday attending the funeral of the late William Million»~, who was a relative of Mrs. Howard. Millions died on June 23rd from paralysis after a short illness, aged 74 years. He was one of Pembroke's most prominent citizens, and said to have been one of the best known and most practical mill men in Canada, and highly skilled in railway construction work. The remains were conveyed by Can. Pac. to Carleton Place, thence ta Union cemetery for burial.
1924: Canada::~associations of , Great Some of our townfolk attended Hritain and the l ni ted States, the Beach burg .demonstration on Mr. Barry will represent the as-1 Wednesday last, thus contributing sociations ot the districts of, to the large crowd who assembled Pontiac and Hull.	to enjoy the holiday. Horse
1924: Canada::~companies in both  and the
1924: Canada::~seemed within their grasp, which Richelieu & Ontario Navigation Contis almost invariably the way the pany, prior to which he was general t lung works out. A. H. C) Connor traffic managed of the  At-handled the game in his usual lantlc Railway. He has been viceefficient, impartial manner.	president of the Canadian Railroads
1924: Canada::~Central  Exhibition
1924: Canada::~Rev. Andrew Melvin ; Donald McKillop novelist of French , but for
1924: -	—~	1 between Canada and the British West
1924: Canada::~log structure, about a hair mile back on race, his name has gone with the the farm of the late George Reid (now | name of  around the world, owned by George Russell^). At the rais-1 His qualities of perseverence, palling of this building David Russell was ence, modesty and unselfishness are killed by a log falling and crushing him. at once an example and an inspiration This man was a brother of the late An- to all Canadians. His fame will live drew, John and Walter Ruseell.	for generation* on what he ha. al-
1924: Canada::~less Information than this spectacle will afford to millions for whom extensive travel is impossible.  has the advantage of being nearer to Wembley than any other large section of the Empire, and, no doubt, the privilege will be enjoyed by many Canadians.
1924: Canada:Canada:~It has been said that the Canadian National Exhibition presents  in miniature, says the Toronto Glob* The British Empire Exhibition will do the same for an Empire covering 13,4Id,000 square miles and containing 4 44.822,232 people. The cost of production is estimated at more than ten million pounds. The grounds are 216 acres in extent. An attractive sheet containing a map of the grounds says that the visitor will be able to inspect the Empire from end to end. From  it la but a stone’s throw to Australia, from Australia a short step to India and the Far East, from Hong Kong a few minutes’ walk to New Zealand or Malay. • In a single day he will be able to learn more geography than a year of hard study would teach him. And he will 'be able to see in each case the conditions of life of the coun^
1924: Canada::~IHBflHHjHHfl	Of silver (except bullion)  cal, containing many races of men
1924: Canada::~There are many new and note- The directors pride themselves worthy features for the Ottawa on giving a full week's exhibition exhibition this year, the dates be- and every arrangement is being ing Sept. 5th to 15th. Under the made to see that the show is in auspices of the Central  full swing for Monday# The mid-Exbibition Association, this big way will be largest and most annual event holds second place select ever presented in Ottawa among the animal exhibitions on and will be all in operation for the the continent.	early comers. In front of the
1924: Canada::~One of the new features will be grandstand there w ill be a progrand historical pageant depict- gram of attractions such a* have the early history of  not been seen before. It will be a and the Ottawa district in partie- bill of features, secured from the ular. Four hundred performers largest booking offices in America, will take part and the costuming Notable departments of the Ot-and staging will be on an elabor- tawa exhibition include the Pure ate scale. This will be presented Food Show, Automobile Show, each evening of exhibition week. Baby Show, and Child's Welfare Another innovation this year Departments, Dog Show, Cat will be free band concerts to be Show, Poultry and Pets, Art Exgiven each afternoon and evening, hibit, Daily Building, Hortiuul-The Princess Patricia's Light In- titrai display, including the Exfan try Band, under the direction perimental_Fnrrn section ; horse of Lieut. T. W. Janies, will he races, live stock and agricultural heard on the first two days of the displays, exhibits and demonstra-week and the band of the Royal tions by merchants and manu Canadian Horse Artillery, under f^ctureis and other educational Capt. Alfred Light, on the remain- and interesting features, ing four days. Lieut. James and This year the general admission his historic band have been en- has been reduced to 25 cents and gaged for the British Empire Ex- the directors are out to get a half hibition and will be heard in Ot- million attendance during the tawa before sailing. The R.C.H.A. week. Entries are now being re Band has a very high reputation ceived in the various departments and the concerts promise to be a *nd prize lists and all information very pleasing factor in the big ex- may be secured from J. K Paisley, hibition.	secretary-manager, City Hall, Ot-
1924: Canada::~out precedent in , and you are getting genuine Hobberlin Tailoring and Workmanship.
1924: Canada::~Central  Exhibition
1924: Canada::~Ha dug Heforms In .
1924: The horse's owner, J. K. L. Ross, known as “~Commander" on account of services he rendered during the war, and for which he was given that title, la credited with considerable work in the carrying out of a plant to reduce the number of race tracks in Eastern Canada, by the elimination of some of the half-mllA tracks.
1924: Canada::~in .
1924: Canada:Canada:~Prom Sts humble beginning at Port Royal (now Annapolis Royal, Nov# Scotia, ln 1605, flour and grist milling in  has grown to he one of the Dominion's meet important industries. According to lyi early census there were nine mills in operation in New Prance ln 1666, while the latest figures (those for 1922) compiled by the Dominion Bureau of Statistics, show 1,364 operating mills in  with a dally capacity of 134,126 barrels. The amount of wheat milled and flour produced by these mills showed a considerable increase during 1922. This "My husband's old friend Huxley,” year saw 81,413,649 bushels of grain Lady Strachey writes in the Nation, converted into flour, es compared with "became a very intimate friend of 70,005,373 bushels In 1921 and 61,116,-mine, too; a more delightful com- 380 bushels in 1920. The production panlon I never met. To his lnexhaust- of flour during the 1922 calendar year lble knowledge of every kind was add- reached 17,787,929 barrels, an increase ed a love of argument and discussion, of 2.466,170 barrels over the previous a most brilliant wit, humor and love of year and 4,660,609 barrels greater
1924: CANADA::~HSV we tINO YOU PARTICULARS? \  FOUNDRIES A FORGINGS
1924: Lobsterlng I» one of the chlel Industries' connected with, the fisheries of the Maritime Provinces and each year millions of dollars* worth of these table delicacies are taken frç~m the traps of Mermen in the Gulf of Bt. Lawrence and along Canada's Atlantic seaboard. During the season of 1821 lobsters caught by the fishermen of the provinces of Prince land. Nova Beotia, New Brunswick, and Quebec yielded a revenue of $6 866,862 according to returns made to the Department of Marine and Fisheries. This was a slight Increase In value over the 1822 season brought about by the higher prices secured. In Prtno# Edward Island and In New Brunswick there were Increases in both the quantity and vaine of the catches, but in Nova Scotia adverse weather conditions caused a decrease lh the quantity of lobsters taken, but the higher prices obtained over the previous season caused a rise In the total value.
1924: Canada::~rusty black. In a m ianckoly voice  produces yearly about 20.-she said	000,000 pounds of maple sugar, of
1924: England::~period of invale-eence not measiir- y\p,dnier was born at Bristol, ed by days or months, but of many , in 1831 and was married years’~duration, the last five being to Caroline Nelmes, July 183d accentuated by total blindness, They came to Canada the follow-and a condition	of	utter	helpless-	jng year,	the voyage at that
1924: that, and how to get an efficient, Mr. Geo. Curry, of Clarendon next week—Oct. 5 to 11—~to be up-to-date sei vice is the problem Front, has handed in a sample of served by the citizens of Canada which confronte the council right second crop raspberries, grown in as “Fire Prevention Week,” at now. The speedy installationof a Ibis garden in September-sortie- some time during which period it fguary service, if it could be | thing ususual. Mr. Curry says is recommended, among other pre-
1924: Canada::~Public, to the Forests, of : 8,- ]
1924: Canada::~a wall 12,832 miles in length, or a wall Tt* softness of the flesh of many across  fourteen and one-hadf *e#p-water fish is due to the pressure feet high and four feet thick.	** the great depths where they spend
1924: Canada:Canada:~ has successfully financed its maturing loan obligations for this )ear l,y selling four per cent, one year treasury gold notes aggregating $90,000,000 in New York, and arranging an isMie of $85,000,000 in , part of it for two years at four per cent, and part of it for twenty years at tour and a half j»er cent
1924: Canada::~In tracing up the origin of place names In the Dominion the investigation: of the Geographic Board of  have brought to light the Interesting fact: given below concerning the name Quebec. The first known appearance of the name Quebec Is on a map made by Guillaume Levasseur of Dieppe In 1601, If Henri HarrUse la not mistaken In the date. The spell-log Is Quebecq. The first appearance of the name in a book to In Le scar-
1924: Canada::~At all times In the fur business, a If silver-fox pelt was worth a hundred times ar, much f.s a red fox pelt. There was an old trapper-saying in  during the days when a dollar was as The reporter from the Daily Wire big as a cartwheel, "A red-fox pelt came down the back garden between ! will buy a whip, a croM-fox pelt will the washing line and the gooseberry - buy a cutter, but a silver fox will buy bushes
1924: Canada::~It is satisfactory to know that  is gradually overcoming the handicap of importing more goods and materials than the value of her exports. Last
1924: and the past year’~s transactions indicate a further material increase in that direction. For the 12 months ended October, the total exports from Canada were valued at $ 1,075,000,000 an excess over imports of $258,000,000.
1924: of $2^22^" at""’Montreal" an “~increaae of	industry in Canada seems to be the	that will provide for the family, keep	ceeding calls for heroic effort, elf-	Next I saw the bottom of the house
1924: CANADA::~IMPERIALTOMCCO CO. OF  LIMITED
1924: days. One morning he came down to I have bought their farms In «~Vj3-drn breakfast with a very worried f. uwu Canada from the Canadian Parlflc. A
1924: "That’s Just what Is bothering me," write for our booklet, "The Prairie . was the reply. "They didn’~t tell me Provinces of Canada,” and leaflet, ;
1924: in the letter, and now, bejabers, I don’~t I "Western Canada Forges Ahead.” C. L.
1924: Canada::~throughout .
1925: Canada::~Sir Vlr^ent Meredith Expresses Belief That  Will Prosper—Country	_______	#| little waif, It was she, but there was wanted. Reynolds, 77 Victoria
1925: Canada::~of the ehareholdere of the Bank of fldence to  # future."	of facta, requeits, Including commanda ,how made hi* particular part of the more than »"• rou,d rto- her I""tn '
1925: Canada::~of trade, the President declared that	of the war 's but also In a great number of eases In of request. In the cat a very low. w“ 8ure *h* wasn,t *l,teen : *° ehe "Yes." said Mrs. Muddleby
1925: Canada::~In order to have the help reach  in time for the spring operations, farmers requiring help must get their applications ln early, to enable us to secure the help needed.
1925: Canada::~Payment for articles advertised in  from the Canadian Pacific. A
1925: Canada::~While exact figures are unobtainable, it is safe to say that llln  is 3,500 x 1,400 miles in costing the Old Country at least area, and is bounded by 3 oceans £4,000 an hour day and night all the and has 13,000 miles of coast line.
1925: A summary of the returns of the voting oiil'lim.li Union by the lï~esby 4 The people of Canada are crushed terian Churches throughout Canada, under taxes. It is hard for a y Aung issued on February 1st, shows the ountry. 1 have no wish to seek the following results up to that date : iiises nor place the blame, but ii new lemands require new taxes, 1 say "ith mt hesitation, nu. 1 would ask tin
1925: Canada::~Aylmer Presbytei ian Church has devilled decisively against entering the United Church of . At the close of the poll, in which 5fi votes wore east, one ot which was spoilt, it was found that 51 voted against Union and one for Union. There aie 75 names on the roll. It will be recalled that when the Presbyterian Chinch was destroyed in the lire which swept a large part of the town of Aylmer mote than three years ago an attempt was made to co-operate with the Methodist Church there, but as the Presbyterians considered it meant absorption no union was effected. Since then the Presbyterian* rebuilt their church and now have a comfortable building, although not as large or pretentious as theii former edifice. Recently a bequest for a considerable amount was left to the congregation.
1925: and she wears a large broad-brimmed Pave bought their Ur»~L* m black velvet hat of the "D1 Vernon" Canada from the Canadian Pacific. A shape, with white curling feathers remarkable Fact Think! There Is a
1925: Canada::~The security afforded by the Province of Ontario Savings Office, together with the facilities extended by every Poet Office in  and other countries, rnake it possible for everyone to deposit their savings in this Institution. Interest is allowed, compounded half-yearly, with full
1925: CANADA::~MANUFACTURED BY IMPERIAL TOBACCO COMPANY OF  LIMITED.
1925: Canada::~Ralph obeyed reluctantly. When he, marjjet |n  and the United returned a bit later he looked solemn. stateB and still hold several open "Well, how did you find your patient,1	¦
1925: Canada::~Not much is needed to convert  from its present feeling of doubt I borheod were married. Both were well xo4 depression. The spirit of the coun- known, being familiar town characters, tiy is bold, confident and enterprising. When Jimmy heard about It he was so It would respond quickly to the right excited he came running In and treatment. Canadians would not care claimed: “O, mother, Mr. Old Jenkins whether Conservatives, Liberals or Pro- and Auntie Old Murray are married, grassives gave the Dominion the sort of I and I think they're awful long wait-leadership that is wanted at the present |*rs." time. Canadians have no quarrel with their American neighbors, but they would welcome a national policy that would employ Canadian resources for the benefit of Canadians instead of so I fewer acres under clover and rotation much for the benefit of the United | grasses than in 1895, and 600,000 acres
1925: Canada::~SH*	through , which was	to be cap-	number was never reported ; but It
1925: Canada::~public road. It should be	relatively	; hut the truth	is that Cana
1925: usa:Canada:~Such separation can be secured by The clean, well-planned farmyard Is various means. A hedge of evergreens for clean orderly families Is perhaps the simplest and some- heaven, there are thonds of such times the best. An informal border f families In .
1925: CANADA::~SIMONDS  SAW CO. LIMITED Viocoiver MONTREAL Si. Jeha, N.l.
1925: 1—~A great Island N. of Canada 7—A synagogue ruler whose daughter was raised from the dead
1925: Retween May 1928, and Jan. 31, 1925 «~bips of the Canadian Government Merchant Marine carried 9,948 head of cattle from Canada to the United Kingdom ports, according to a return tabled in the House last week.
1925: Canada:Canada:~dared ultra vires of the Province of Given at Shaw ville, March 28th, 1925 Manitoba and therefore of no legal effect under the British North America Act, providing for the constitution of the Dominion of . In a judgment handed down today the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council has dismissed the appeal taken by the Attorney-General of the Province of Manitoba against the decision of the Supreme Court of , w hich held that the Manitoba Act, providing for the collection of a tax by the province from sellers of grain for future delivery, was ultra vires and beyond the powers of the province.
1925: CANADA::~MANUFACTURED BY IMPERIAL TOBACCO COMPANY OF  LIMITED
1925: Canada::~Rev. Dr. J. G. Shearer, General Secretary of the Social Service Council of , died at his home in Toronto Inst Friday from angina pectoris and pneumonia.
1925: Canada::~$150.00 to claim "ii j 1 1 iv res to have the nicest shove oil Otter Lake, having ,l gentle descent, and it has tall vn under the envious eyes ot a German neighbour. There are 35 acres cleared, which is as much as some have who have been on their ground for 30 years couple has been on the location Cor eleven years,'and spite of the fact that five years ago they went to ne bee and ottered to the Crown Lands Department the $120 required for full payment, the Department would accept only one half of the amount, and the deeds have never yet been issued. I have read the officially stamp'd receipt of a Notrtfy in that city to whom they paid $10.00 to get the business through for them ; that is dated April 21ft, 1920, and that is the last they have heard from him. Surely that is not the way to make )>eo-plv love .
1925: CANADA::~up the O. P. paints made by the  PAINT 00. They guarantee it to be a pure paint. They guarantee it to cover more space than any other paint. It costs the same in labor to put on a so-called cheap paint as a pure paint. There may be a little extra cost per tin, but you gain in quality and in the space covered.
1925: Canada::~Try the C. P. Brand manufactured by the  Paint Co.
1925: Canada::~"A# for myself, I always insist on Sunlight Soap, because I learned many years ago that it is more economical to use only pure laundry soap, and I believe that Sunlight is the only pure laundry bar soap made in . Every bar of Sunlight carries a $5,000 Guarantee of Purity.	I
1925: Canada::~We invite correspondence from merchants who can gf* out and sell radio at any season of the year. The Marconi Agency Is most desirable. The reputation of Marconi receivers Is well-established. Every Instrument is guaranteed. Sales are made quickly. Buyers stay satisfied. Address The Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of . Limited, Montreal.
1925: «~ Made in Canada under Government supervision. "
1925: Canada:: has made tremendous pro» gfe*s In the past twenty-five year# In the production of wheat, and the ox-tension of her wheat areas is attracting considerable attention among wheat-growing and wheat-buying countries. At the opening of Uni nre* sent century tho r: ceKonce of Canadian hard wheat became recognized, but occupied a comparatively Inccn-spicuous position in thv wheat markets of the world. Within the past twenty-five years—but a day In the life of a nation—~that position has been entirely reversed, ami Canada has advanced from ninth to second place as a .grower of wheat, and from fifth to first place as an exporter of this cereal.
1925: The rapid»~ increase in Canadian acreage devoted to wheat is shown by the following figures: In 1900 in all Canada there was but 4,224,542 planted to wheat; in 1910 this area had increased to 8,803,161 acres; in 1920 to 18,232,374 acres; and in 1924 tc 22,065,710 acres. The production of wheat in 1901 amounted to 55,572,368 , bushels, in 1910 to
1925: Canada:United States:~The farm cost of producing wheat in Western  in 1923, as esti-I mated by the ' Tariff Commission, was 82 rente a bushel, including a land charge, ^gured as interest on stated land values. These figures were opposed to a cost of $1.47 oer bushel, the estimated cost of pro; during similar wheat in Minnesota, Montana and Dakotas, made by the same authority.
1925: Canada::~Harold Lloyd and bis wife Mildred Davis, photographed on the Cana ilf* Pacific steamship Princess Victoria, en route from Victoria to Vaucouv ? during the course of their recent journey across .	£4
1925: Canada::~two brake: were employed end en	front wheels. Therefor, it	hes be-1	Theee trees are now being widely	Although brown eyes ll.sh with ;	witj,jn the British Empire. '#	they do not hare to dodge	bi y • T
1925: Canada::~In "First Things in .M the late George Johnson, for many years i I Dominion Statistician, writes: "Elec-had not the slightest etlK't upon the | tricity was first used as a motive
1925: Canada::~power in , in 1883. A short piece of track was laid on the grounds of the Toronto Industrial Exhibition. The motor did not 'mote1 to any
1925: which the children are conveyed in xans .*Canadlan Electric Street Railways.” have been built. Seventy ot these con- wrote; “~7be first electric system that soliidated school districts are in opera- was jnto pUMfc service in Canada lion ami the instruction received is un- wa8 t^at constructed at Sit. Cath-questionably better in every respect than arlnes, %Ont., and opened in the aut-
1925: Canada::~Speaker Lemieux, of the House of Commons, occupied the chair and extended a welcome from the Canadian Parliament, while Premier King welcomed the delegates on behalf of . Earl Haig made a brilliant ad-viress in response.
1925: Canada::~Bright stories and articles appropriate to the summer montas feature the July number of Hod and Gun in , a typical seasonable story being the first one in the issue. From Fort Francis to A	i VVindigo by M. Martin McVey.
1925: Canada::~There were registered  | Centre Street UÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊtKKM last year #50,281 motor vehicles,
1925: CANADA::~aiMONOS  SAW OO. LIMITED
1925: Canada::~Write Sfmonds  Saw Co., Limited, 1660 Dundas SL West, Toronto, Ontario, for prices on
1925: Canada::~Central  Exhibition
1925: Ï~ Somerset st.	D&iry Canada X
1925: Canada::~Inventory of our natural resources Much Is heard of 's natural goe8 on b0weveri and it Is only when
1925: Canada::~The records of many cases are burled in the official government reporte, and little is ever heard by the! In Norway a girl must possess a public of the work being done by the certificate of her ability as a cook be-Cltil Servants of  on the from- fore she is allowed to marry.
1925: Canada:Canada:~From 4mall beginnings about 1880 's asbestos industry has grown steadily until at the present time, exclusive of fuels and structural materials, It Is ip point of value the most Important of her non-metal lie mineral products. The value of the shipments of asbeetos of all grades in  In 1924 amounted to nearly six and three-quarter millions of dollars.
1925: Canada:United States:~The asbestos to marketed as hand-cobbed, long-fibre crude, and milled fibre. The proportion of crude fibre to milled asbestos that can be produced from the lan mineral Is small, but the crude is by far the more valuable product. Most of the output Is exported In the unmanufactured condition, chiefly to the , but
1925: Canada:Canada:~In audition to a full quota of the issue a highly attractive one. unusually interesting stories and Rod and Gun in  is pub-articles, the August number of ||*hed monthly by XV. J. Taylor, Rod nnd Gun in , the | Limited, Woodstock, Ont. Canadian sportsman’s magazine, contains a wealth of information for the outdoorsman, the fisherman and the gun crank in the
1925: Canada::~Cohn, of Toledo, O,, is enthusiastic over  as a sports ma
1925: Canada::~Student-* from (his School captured premier honors for all  on May, I US), Civil Service Examinations
1925: Canada::~Mr. C.pnldwell is making Am-1 as one of the trimmest little towns siderahle changes and improve-1 he had seen in . Righto raents to the apartment on Centre Street, recently occupied by Mrs.
1925: “~The famous British flag, com-nonly knuw%& ad the Union Jack, is lown from all the fortresses and garrisons oX Canada, whether under .he charge of Imperial military uuth-iritifs or Colonial militia forces. The Jnion Jack Is a combination of three lags. The red cross on the white (round is for England, the white .toss with the arms placed diagonally m a blue ground for Scotland, and 1 mgs he red cross with the arms placed | the owner itagonally on a white ground for reland.
1925: “~The Dominion of Canada has also authority to use a national flag, vis.:
1925: Canada::~>f ; the mercantile marine )f the Dominion has a right to use :he red ensign.
1925: Canada::~Mr. Gotlelb Thom, aji aged re aident of South Algona, near Aug* iierg, died at his home there on , Wednesday, Aug. 10, ageti 78 years. Mr. Thom formerly resided at Ladysmith, Que., and went to Aug burg about seventeen years ago. He shortly afterwards married Mrs. Wood!k vives. The late Mr. Thom had been ailing for some time, having had a iMiralytie stroke a couple of years ago ami two others recently, the last one being fatal Two daughters and one hoii survive, the son residing at Ladysmith The funeral took place to the  Lutheran chinch and cemetery, Augburg, on Frida afternoon, the Rev. Mr. Kasdor of Eganville, conducting the services.
1925: Canada::~Write Simonds  Saw Co., Limited, 1550 Dundas St. Weal. Toronto. Ontario, for prices on Simonds Special Circular , Cord Wood Saw
1925: Canada::~Students from this School captured premier honors for all  on the May, llfctf, Civil Service Examinations, by taking the first place on Grade one, Grade two, Bilingual, Promotion, etc., and 33 successful candidates.
1925: Canada::~throughout  *re counselled half of the town, welcomed the	<5 to 8-j lbs. at the market, or
1925: Canada::~in question was one of a	bunch	of	to the industrial life of .	lambs sold as soon ns ready,
1925: CANADA::~COLMANKEEN () LIMITED 102 Amherst Street
1925: •~IUONDS CANADA SAW CO. LTD. MNOU ST. w.. toeoWTO MONTREAL
1925: Canada::~Write Btmonds  Saw Co., Limited, 1660 Dundas St. West. Toronto, Ontario, for prices oa Blmonds Special Circular Cord Wood Saw
1925: Canada::~109,400 pounds with a value of $5.140. In addition to the commercial f1- Ci-However representations made have cry, Nova Scotia also offers excellent resulted In tho fish being properly opportunities for sport fishing for tuna, classified as tuna and this !.i expected Kach year finds an tnciw.ilng number to result in an increased catch tills of sportsmen, both from  and
1925: Canada::~serve a useful purpose Immensity of 's area, import-of Canadian goods require to know something of tho country where these arc produced. In a letter received recently by the Natural Resources Intelligence Service of the Department of the Interior from a firm in Cuba,
1925: Canada::~your share, for there are over 800 million pounds of this substance used or sold by producers in  annually.
1925: Canada::~Practically the whole of the Canadian production comes from near Windsor. Ontario, although the Mala-gash deposits of Nova Scotia are becoming of increasing Importance to the fishing industry especially. Tho Ontario deposits sometimes reach a thickness of 250 feet. Despite these splendid mines almost half of the salt used In  is imported.
1925: Canada:France:~Senator Raoul Dandurand of  was elected permanent president of the sixth assembly of the Lepgue of Nations on the first ballot Pafnleve of , the temporary president, in summoning Dandurand to the chair, greeted the Canadian as an example of how French and English civilizations could flourLh in the seme country, solving the troublesome question of minorities.
1925: Canada::~issued a road map of , showing also tho connecting highways in the bordering states. An enormous-demand Is reported for this map from across Tfie Qlr fall8 chllIf
1925: Students frô~in this School captured premier honors for mil Canada on the May, 192.1, Civil Service Examinât Ion*, l»y taking the first place on Grade one, Grade two, Bilingual, Promotion, etc., and 31 successful candidates.
1925: Canada::~Where  Excels
1925: Canada::~Murd;r is a crime In , even
1925: Italy:United States:~Great Britain, Ireland, France, Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Spain, , Cz/echo-Hlovakia, New Zealand, Australia, India, Burmah, .Egypt and the  are countries which have already signified their intention of participating in the World’~s Poultry Congress to bn held in Ottawa in July, 1927. Many more acceptances will follow the issuing of the official invitation, which will go from Canada to over one hundred governments.
1925: The'president of the World’~s Poultry Congress in 1927 will be Mr. Edward Brown, F.L.S., of London, England, who is president of tho Inter-; national Association of Poultry Instructors and Investigators. He has recent'y visited Canada, and in speak-1 ing of these Congresses described tho ; first at The Hague ns a wonderful example of organization, and the sec- ' ond at Barcelona last year r.s wonder- ; ful from the standpoint of its exhibition. The standard has been set, and 1 Canada must make the third Congress I in 1927 an outstanding example of what an international congress should be, andln addition try to let the delegates see and realize that Canada is a nation—young it may be in nationhood—but one whose ambition knows no limitations, and whose hospitality is offered wholeheartedly.
1925: Canada::~for welding another link in the chain of poultry progression, rests with . It is not entirely a poultry man’s job, but something in which every Canadian can take a hand.
1925: It contracted. This Fahrenheit regarded as absolute cold, although of slow combustion the wood is con-there are much lower temperatures verted into charcoal, which is usually than that produced by this mixture, almost dead black in color and much However, he called this zero. From lighter In weight than wood. That this point upward to the boiling 1»~ the old way of producing charcoal, point he divided the thermometer in- ! Most charcoal produced in Canada to 212 degrees, the point at which Koes into ordinary domestic and inwater freezes being 32 degrees above dustrial use. In the cities it is large-zero, so that zero is 32 degrees below ly used as a kindling material. Being freezing.	easily set on Are, it soon produces a
1925: Canada::~is the thermometer In general and alntost in exclusive use in .
1926: Canada::~Students from ihH School captured premier honor* for *!?  on the May, 1112.1, Civil Service Examinations, hy taking the first place on Grade one, tirade two, Bilingual, Promotion, etc., and 3> successful candidates.
1926: The late Bidiop Warren, of -the Holiness Movement has been succeeded by two Superintendents to manage the affairsof that religious body, namely, Hev.,J. W. Campbell, of Haley’s Station, and Rev. J. E. Cooke, of Saskatoon. These appointments were made at the general conference of the H. M. Church, held In Ottawa on Now Year’~s day. Rev. Mr Campbell, will be Superintendent for Eastern Canada and Rev. Mr. Cook will
1926: Canada::~thought YOU might have changed your i book, the next one slightly lower, and <>' -P-eoh and tone, but the power to growth of good music in , and compete. In less than a year I hoard mind about n baby."	80 tin. 11 whole set of 20 to 30 may be produce tone that shall express that for all parents who wish their chil- Effi# had B baby And ^ comeB the
1926: There )e no uueellori tot tint the i/rod of l.ual n«-»i U slowly but surely upward of Vila. car loadings are the Ingest « record, while wh< leeale and retail bueinew shows a fair I boldara at d'efant points and abroad ta that for d«grr# of In.-reseed artirily. T. trll» Industrie* ere aereral reasons In lading • ImantlAl) harvest, there "'ll employed. and I here Is n»< r* demend to the baa coma alunit a better and more hopeful feeling leather ar.d allied trades. Imyr..«it«~mt la aiao throughout Canada In (xmeequen,e. there le ground s».oan in other Hoes	of business. although profit#	for thinking	that	we hare yawed through the worst
1926: Canada::~gtatee end  were mil'll alike, and atv ueiomrd V» that order of thing»: b-blnd and put the United at present k futile
1926: Canada::~True.  la n->t ltlzen* are attre-1!*»! try
1926: Canada::~67. A quantity of cotton ; hoy or the | Providing the original means of'communication to the early settlers, the rivers and lakes are still a very important portion of our transportation system. In addition, our rivers and lakes are being utilized to a very great extent for the development of hydroelectric power, wherewith 's growing industrial position Is largely being supported*
1926: Canada::The direction of flow of ’~s waterways Is also an Important feature of our physical geography. The area from which the water le collected Is known as a drainage basin. Canada's drainage system consists of five
1926: Canada::~61.	A part of  (abbr.)
1926: Canada::~In a 6<tudy of the physical geography of  the waterways wtand out as one of tte moat* remarkable features.
1926: Canada::~Students from I his School en plu red premier honor* for all  on the May, hCivil Service Examinai Ions,
1926: throughout the entlf#^£^\> length cl the saw, thuiWEL maki n g b Indi ng in the kerf impossible. Crescent Grind-xKfl Ing I»~ an enduaive Simonda^ feature Aiaveads Canada law Ce. lu
1926: Canada::~Some persons, not always of evil intent ior, say there is no Presbyterian Church in . One Wonders what their definition of a eliurch is. What constitutes a “ church what power gives being to a church ? Perhaps from those who have not studied history
1926: Clinton News-Record.—lion. W. H. I A royal palace, cons Winy of what Price said at a gathering in St. Thomas l* known as the* “~white lower ' ?tp-the other day that Canada should man- pears to .have been the beginning of ufacture her own produi ts. He struck the Tower of London. Jt was com-the nail on the head. Canada will menced by William's son. William flu-never become a great nation by ship- fus, who. In 100S, surtw»d»;d it with ping her raw materials into another walls and a broad ditch. Severed sue-country to be manufactured, and then reeding kings made additions to it. buying back the finished product* at an and King Edward III erected the advanced price.	|church. In 1025 the old white tower
1926: CANADA::~MAIN OPERATIONS OF I. P. CO WILL BE IN .
1926: New York, N. Y, Jan. 27—~What is considered another indication of the capitalization of the paper industry in V. S. to the economic situation which is forcing the industry out of this country into Canada is the sale just completed by the International Paper Company of its VVaterville timber tract of 20,000 acres at VVaterville, N. H . The property was disposed of to the Woodstock Lumber Company at a price close to $1,000,000, it was announced by the company today.
1926: United States:United States:~International Paper Company is rapidly transferring its newsprint operations to Canada because of the excessive cost of these operations in the , it being estimated by officials that newsprint costs to produce $10 a ton more in the  than in Canadn.
1926: Swiê»~ Colonization in Canada.
1926: Canada::~The Swiss Settlement Society, which was formed for the purpose of establishing Swiss Immigrant farm help In  as settlers on their own account In settlements congenial to them, Is sending out at present an Interesting pamphlet and questionnaire to the Swiss working on the land.
1926: Canada::~Student* from tills School captured premier honors for nil  on the May, 1823, Civil Service Examination*, by taking the first place on tirade one. Grade two, HI lingual. Promotion, j*tc., and .'it successful candidates.
1926: Canada::~sTbe annual statement of the Minister of lb* Interior regarding the development. distribution and use of hydro electric energy In  rerealm great progress during 1925. Installation.* totalling oveg 719,000 horsepower were added to the generating Sapa city of Canadian hydro-electric stations, which now aggregates 4,290,000 h ore e-power. This new development, It la estimated, represents a direct Investment of at least 170,000,000, without regard to new capital required #g the application of the power. Projects approaching completion will add more than 25,000 horse-power early In 1926. whilst others already commenced or In immediate prospect promise a very substantial Increase In Installation during the next few years.
1926: Canada::~Inexpensive power, water-generated, Is one of 's moat Important assoie and is the foundation of much of the industrial activity Clpal undertakings of the whole Do-
1926: Canada::~cord estiibllehed In the year Juet com- ! One of 's Industrial! areas along the river, particularly at Pem- ported to be the largest In America, helwren
1926: usa::not high, only alx>ut elx thond dol-1 future This available power hue trial area of the Ottawa river, power during the war became the world’~s to the Canadian megn It*, Canada laree, In addition to the pliysloal effort I	means of attracting many baa been developed at Hawkesbury, leading individual producer.	ha* not b* en successful to any g ear,
1926: Canada::~*	; a large pulp and paper mill at East	being considered. At Chelsea, on the	important	!" , and the quality
1926: Canada::~Trophy Hunting in .
1926: Canada::~Installation of tho Duke-Price Power Company at Isle Maligne on the Sague-noy river, to which an extension to 480,000 horao-power Is proceeding and Is expected to bo completed early In 1926 Amongst others completed during the year were the 37,800 horsepower development of the Southern  Power Company at Hemming Falls on tho St. Francis river and the Bryson station of the Ottawa Hiver Power Company on the Ottawa river.
1926: Canada::~It'.nmgliout the untrodden apace* Rut Joan knows all the stories of  many American big-game !
1926: Canada:United States:~gone on at an accelerated pace. The " plan has In fact been so successful that experts were sent In to examine It with the result that it ha* been ! adopted In two provinces in Eastern  and by the - De I part ment of Agriculture in reaped to prairie lands.	,
1926: Gatineau river, for the supply of a to Die various suitable places for hunt- qjj joan can tell most splendid tale* pulp and paper mill, whitest amongst Melilng, canoeing, camping or just of treasures In the hold, other activities the Shawlnigan Water for motor tours. Using these Inquiries And if the fluttering yellow sails and Power Company’~s new station on ** aa index, it would appear the Batiscan river fa approaching com- abto lo expect a very heavy tourist ptetlon. The work of the Quebec baffle In all part* of Canada this year.
1926: Canada:United States:~different points along the boundary l>e tween  and the 
1926: of vour frame?”	“It is two cubic yards of dirt,”~ 1, Company of Canada. At the meeting of ( »»*«*•	--1 frock, or a small model turned into a cuff at the wrist. A wide flar-
1926: Canada::~to copy the one in the encyclopedia, *nd two of hone meal. As soon as I ftble to announce that the saeu ran	ce in	of heing oue of 's best known	]*rg0 it wij| match the frock in gen-	the sleeve le	a smart detail of th<*
1926: Canada::~soon ius excited at mixing my own as of year-old cow and horse manure and president, Sun Life of . , different flavorings in the icings, one blu(? ,n every shade again this spring, PlRln material.
1926: i LASKA is an Indian word meaning “The Great Country, an inter** pretation so adequately descriptive'of its charms that it receives the unanimous approval of all tourists who visit Alaska though they may substitute ccentuated “Some for flic Great. The oil—~burning steamships of the Canadian National Railways plying up and down the Inside Passage off the British Columbia coast have brought Alaska very close to Vancou Prince Rupert and therefore within the means and time of the army of tourists and holiday makers who vieil the Pacific elope of Canada in the sumtime. It is the new playground gf the Pacific.
1926: Canada::~de.lcate shades or *quare foot. At the Bell Rock and orders for best Custom-Made Clothes dye rich, permanent gkerryvore lighthouses wave-pros- In . Highest commissions, colors In lingerie, aures of 3 tons a square fool have been REX TAILORING CO., Ltd. silks, ribbons, skirts, recorded.	TORONTO 2
1926: Buckley’~s Mixture used by hundreds of thousands of people throughout Canada is now procurable in two forms, “Strong” or “Modified”. Either kind acts like a flash on Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, and all affections of throat, chest and lungs. Positive and instant relief. One dose stops coughing.
1926: Canada::~Students from this School captured render honors for all  on the
1926: Canada::~Woods of " and A B; van
1926: Canada::~Mr. Punning, the new Minister of Railways, is said to be out for a still' protective duty on coal. This is good, sound Conservative tactics, and will not be grumbled at in the East, if Mr. Dunning can induce the railways to haul western coal at a figure that will not Ik* a burden to the people of this part of . It seems apropos to remark, however, that consistency is not one «of the elements which go to make up Mr. Dunning’s free trade theories.
1926: Canada::~held at present by the  Life Assurance Co. at Toronto $100,000.00
1926: Canada::~Howithd H Garage On Centre St , Wii, was a Week-end guest of hie premier honors for all  on the U Again open with a full line of pa rents, Mr. and Mit». E. T. Hod- i1?86. Civil Service Examinations, oil,. g„„ nnd repnirw.	«)>». of town. .
1926: Canada::~Flour production In  has now reached an annual record of not legs than twenty million barrels, having a value of seventy million dollars. In fact, for the last three years, according to official figures, the value of Canadian flour exports has gone well above two hundred million dollars.
1926: Germany:Japan:~Canada seems to have had no trouble in finding plenty of foreign markets for its surplus, says the Chronicle. From Canadian ports on the East and West .this product is how being sent to sixty-eight different countries, and new buyers are coming forward every year. While Great Britain Is naturally the largest customer, with  a close second, the lands of the Orient, like China and , have recently developed a liking for flour which they had
1926: Canada:United States:~beans fur dinner, she heard one *d essential to their existence, woman complacently informing  has stepped ahead of the another. She hung up the receiver , says the same paper, and waited for the conversation in flour exportation and la very like-to end. Trying again she found ly to hold that position for some time the Women	ttlkiMW
1926: Canada::~of the generation.  was staging her great epic of the West, the i great Mecca to which lovers of skill 1 and daring make pi.grimage yearly from every corner of the world. Sport loving Americans were there from all the cities south of the border. They cam from a* far east as Montreal and Quebec for thet hriil of frontier days.
1926: Canada::~Reference* The Imperial Bank of .
1926: CANADA::~FORD MOTOR COMPANY OF , L’TD
1926: Canada::~I O D	E. expressing interest	in the	Dicentra (formosa) is not so well	districts jn  and the United j
1926: Canada::~An epidemic of lnfluensa, such as Is now prevalent in many parts of , always leaves widespread suffering In Its wake. The disease Itself Is dangerous, but tbe danger Is seldom when the characteristic symp-
1926: « FORSYTH " Guaranteed Shirts—~the finest in Canada. Beautiful range of the latest patterns with collar to match.
1926: Canada::~Students from this School cnptured i(i me venera i as- premier honors for all  on* the the Fresbytei iaft I May, 1025, Civil Service Examinations,
1926: Canada::~Brough lias been appointed agent for the Fire Insurance Co. of  and the Nationale Fire Ins.
1926: Klford, VV. A. Brown, George "ero received by the family, 111-Rubeitson ami XV. W. Lee, of ut- çhiding wreaths from Ur. Lave» s tawa ; Messrs. Barbeau and L. M. Hospital, Ottawa ; Mr. Douglas Chevier of Quebec ; G. Bouchard, «nd «tail of the Auditoi Geneial «~ M. P.. of Ste. Anne de In Pocutiere ; Department, Ottawa ; Canada Rev. Bro. Wilfrid of Oka Agricul- Creosote Company, Montreal ;; Red-turn I Institute ; R. Du mane, Abel momi & Shiiughnessy Co., of Mont-W. Raymond and J I. Browu of | I Montreal ;	"JÊÊÊMmÊtj^lÈÊÊÊÊt
1926: Canada::~Made in  /Jo -Alum
1926: The 55th annual general meeting of the Canadian Manufacturers* Association will be held in Toronto next week—~June 8th, Vth and 10th. Several subjects of importance to the industrial and commercial life of Canada will be discussed and dealt with, including a special session on export trade. Another session will discuss the problems which affect the several provinces, and the changes in the tariffs of the various countries including Canada will be commented in the report of the Tariff Committee.
1926: CANADA::~FORD MOTOR COMPANY OF , LTD
1926: Canada::~In the plana for celebrating the Centenary of Ottawa, the Capital of . next August, the fact that Mar
1926: Canada:Canada:~I ment cerealist, has increased not only the agricultural wealth of  by many millions of dollars, but also that of the hard wheat growing area of the United Slates, for 90 per cent, of the spring wheat grown In  and GO per cent, of that produced In the States —Thomas Curtis Clark. Is Marquis.
1926: Canada::~This fatuous variety of wheat, which has won more world's prises than any other, Is the product of the development of experiments with a number of other hardy strains. Marquis wheat not only revolutionized wheat growing in Western  and the northern elates of the middle west, but It 'reduces the period between seeding and harvesting from 120 to 110 days. This meant that wheat of the finest quality could he garnered well in advance of the time necessary for the ripening of the fornrnr varieties and diminished the risk from rust, frost, etc. It also meant that hard spring wheat could be cultivated much further north, and brought m’~lliims of acres In Western Canada within the wheat belt that hitherto had been thought to be beyond the cultivable zone. |
1926: Canada::~fore, open up millions more acres In Western  to successful wheat growing. Marquis wheat will, however, continue to be a popular variety
1926: Student»~ from this School captured premier honor# for all Canada "on the +++++++++++++++++?++++++++ M*y« 1025, C ivil Service Examinations,
1926: Canada::~ColmanKeen () Limited. Dept.
1926: Canada::~inder (combustion chamber) is reduc- How I Trap Cabbage Worms. gate and fencing for the smaller house. The open wood lattice or square with a pergola lattice, as shown on the ( as it Bhould be, for  as a whole ed, thus making a higher-compression rabhaee worms oracticallv destroy Many houses would be much Improved pickets for fencing is preferable to the illustration. This must be .secure, jfl ag yet from the health point of •nglne.	ed mv Mtch last year an/ I raised had the same careful study been given cloee boards.	with bolts to the wall, and have a per vtow. hardly developed et all
1926: Canada::~no license to continue the administra- at 20i tion of the public affairs of . Discredited and defeated himself with more than half the members of his
1926: Canada::~Toronto. .
1926: Canada::~Students from this School captured premier honors for all  ou the May, 1023, Civil Service Examination!, by taking the first place on Grade one. Grade two. Bilingual, Promotion, etc., and 35 successful candidates.
1926: Canada::~yOU are cordially invited to open your count with this Bank. Nearly 100 years of banking experience in the farming communities of  enables us to offer a broad and helpful service to Canadian farmers.
1926: A five reel film of a “~TitXxs-Canada Tour” with a Ford VaR, including scenery, towns and cities along the mute, and many other interesting features from coast to coast.
1926: Canada::~Distributed in  by Fred J. Whitlow à Co., loronto
1926: Canada:United States:~The greatest bucking horses on the continent will pit their cussed ness and ingenuity against the skill and nerve of best riders in  and the .	.
1926: CANADA::~CENTRAL  EXHIBITION August 16 to 28, 1926
1926: Here’~s Your Opportunity To Visit the Capital of Canada and Have a Good Time
1926: Canada::~The Five, of ,
1926: Canada::~General Supply Co., of  for . Rev. Dr. W. Bowman Tucker, of main Woman* Duty to Herself I ^	• k*v"Shhw * m etC U* ” *PP '
1926: This arrangement, it would seem, is The diffé~rence in, the administration working out ver\ unsatisfactorily for of criminal law in the Tinted States tju, inhabitants of Church, who are and in Canada is strikingly exemplified made up of several groups of settlers,
1926: Bisaillon’~s advice was acted upon, the frontier guards were withdrawn and the way made clear for a horde of smugglers to enter Canada and pursue their nefarious traffic, to the injury of legitimate business concerns and enormous loss to the treasury of Canada.
1926: Canada::~The Toronto Motorcycle Club, of Toronto, , recently conducted unique test, and in doing so broke two world's records. In co-operation with a Toronto motorcycle dealer that Club furnished three riders who piloted a Harley-Davidson single-cylinder j ! motorcycle, in relays for twelve days and nights without stopping the motor. The object of the test was to establish | the efficiency of this new type of I motorcycle.
1926: CANADA::~61 MONTS  FAW OO.LTD.
1926: Canada::~The Fire, of ,
1926: Canada::~An interesting article cm some mouse experiences, principally in Eastern  by William J. McNulty appears followed by an amusing story of a British Columbia trip, “Poor Fish,” by C. J. Broderick. Bonnycastle Dale in this latest issue deals with some experiences, “Living at Close Quarters With the Moose of Nova Scotia/’ J. W. Win son writes an interesting study of the Saw Whet and Screech oxvls.
1926: Canada::~Fall hunting season in . jd;ear with Mr*. Prendergast and A novel means of pursuing game	other ladies and while going
1926: Canada::~The fur-trappers of Hudson Bay still tell the story of "Lucky Moore," as he came to be called. He was a hunter and prospector who was twice reported lost In the frozen Wstee of North- ! donalds ern . Yet he turned up alive and well after disappearing for seven months, and then again for eleven months.
1926: usa:Canada:~! Among the thonds of mothers throughout  who praise the Tablets is Mrs. David A. Anderson,
1926: rail»~	o Canada of	a termor	la II-	m.lOB farmer. In the* province. and
1926: Canada::~CJiough Apples for Everyone. Roman Autograph Found on god or other to bestow upon some one It takes courgae of a none too com- In relation to population  and Ajicient Paving Stone.	they almost Invariably bad K made In-
1926: s was In	What	can a boy do, and	where can	a	art,8t»~ Mrs. E. M. Ward, tells how her	The commercial apple crop of Canada	whkîh was nart of a	road surface in	a Sold## apple, and there are those
1926: Canada::~If wo capitalise that portion of the national income which le ascrlbable to human effort it le fourni to be from six to eight times all property values. The total amount of life Insurance In force Is only a fraction of this capital-feed value. We m*y, therefore, readily cotne to the conclusion that 's vital' asset is easily our greatest. It no. It seems to follow that reasonable public expenditure devoted to the task of adding to thte asset by Intelligent» ly promoting immigration to this country, must be regarded as an excellent national business Investment. The tunned late beneficiary la the small town.
1926: Canada::~While lumber and pulpwood are the chief forest products of  there
1926: The Agnes rose la a cross between calucuate the heights and depths of Rosa Rugosa as the seed parent and human virtue and depravity, to men-Persian Yellow as the pollen parent. *ure the separating line—oftimee thin The cross was made by the .ate Dr. â~S the pencil of an unbeam which Wm. Saunders at the Central Expert- separatee the saint from the sinner, mental Farm. Ottawa, Canada, about | The brain Is quite capable of these the year 1900. It bloomed first in higher mathematics of the soul. These 1902 and has been under test at Ot- ; things need the understanding heart, tawa ever since and although never reason tempered with love. T.. protected during the winters, it has Mt that when he wrote:— never been noticeably injured by the who made tha heart /tie He alone
1926: Canada::~Since leaving  I have enjoyed , 1 n lid health, for the most part c lient weather and have made the travel l ng acquaintance of a host of delightin', interesting and often intelligent pie. At times 1 have proved almost too good a mixer, but on the whole I cm n>vv vouch very strongly for the educative power of the tongue as well as
1926: Canada::~will fall to the lot of some Ontario j home is in  and who Is a
1926: Canada::~i in  is not merely temporary, vnamoer.	I An alien person will be classed by
1926: Canada::~Since 1922 the timber and pulpwood js one 0f the problems which  operators on Crown lands in Quebec will have to face, along with her bid have been required to m ake an inven* for a greater population.
1926: Canada::~A permanent contribution to Canadian horticulture was made by Lady Byng prior to her departure from the dominion, in her complete rehabilitation of the gardens at Rideau Hall and her introduction of a rock garden planted with wild flowers from every province in .
1927: Canada::~raising	poultry, bat the importance of	( for Eastern  that shou.d	be in	Size 36 requires	1%	yards 36-inch	flower	box are practically negligible	time and that the	saving in wear	and	drive thiVu	a	means	of	JtUr*	one by
1927: Canada::~The following appointments to the Senate of  were recently made by order in council, to fill vacancies that had previously occurred in the appointive chamber :
1927: Canada::~That  was not alone in en- ! tertalning a record number of motor tourists during 1926 is made evident by a report received by the Motor League from the Automobile Club of Southern California.	.
1927: Three out «~tending facte regarding ' Canada are
1927: Canada::~Describing present conditions In , the
1927: Canada::~general public end that of , such as the
1927: Canada::~crop reports during the crop business analysis and the terlous pamphlets issued U> farmers la  and in foreign countries.
1927: France:Canada:~According to reliable report from arranged between the two countliee overeeee, negotiations are under way and the excellent advertising which Above the gold the sunbeams fling In London and Paris for the organisa- haa been effected for Dominion goods j with bird-songe drifting through, lion of two new steamship services in the Republic, there should be no God's glory is a richer thing, from  to , this enterprise great difficulty in further increasing And sweeter singing too. being attributable in some measure to Canadian exports to that country with
1927: ward»~ the development of Canadian |n 1925 and $633,094 in 1926. Importa export trade with France rather than (ions of aM kind** of furs are large and increased purchasing from that coun- 'certain kinds of‘tomber are purchased try. Them»~ is urgent need of this, to to a substantial extent. In addition, spite of Increased sales in the pent war France last year purchased 2,883,420 period, to adust the balance of trade, bushels cf Canadian wheat worth $4, Even facility to effect this to afforded 324,865, hut bought r.o Canadian manu-by the Franoe-Canada treaty arranged featured flour. An important Item of a few years ago under which agree- import 'is Canadian agricultural marnent Canada granted to France, the chlnery, Franco being the largest pur 1 French ootonie»~, possessions and pro- chaser of harveaters and binders, mow-federates, intermediate tariff and mg machines, and hay rakes. Other favored nation treatment geoershy, j important Imports in point of value whilst France a worded Canada an are wrapping paper, clover seed, bacon equally preferential treatment with! and hams, condensed mUk. lard, and advantage» equal to the most favored |n,hber tires and inner tubes for nation
1927: France::~This lra:le treaty, together with the advertising effected by the Canadian exhibition train, which toured the Republic in a very thorough manner, exhibiting at every centre of any sixes has tended to elevate the value of Canadian exports to  and approach nearer a point of a balance of Male» and purchases, lu a repré~senta- tagne's experience is that of thousands live year before the war, 1913. Canada of <*ber mothers who have tested the rold to France only to the extent of worth of Baby's Own Tablets. . The $2,664,603 white purchasing from that Ablets are a sure and safe medicine country to the va ue of 115,632.144. ^ uttle ones and never fail to regu-The Dominion's purchases from the ^ t^e bowels and stomach, thus re-Repnhlkr In the last three twelve- paving all the minor ills from which months' periods ending July have been j children suffer. They are sold by respectively $16,984.103; $18,020,674; medlclne dealer* or by mall at 25 cts. and $20.664,047. In the same three a box from The Dr. Williams’~ Medl-pcxlods Canada's Bales to France have cine Co., tirockvllle, Ont. been $17,173,782;	$14r|HgmgHHHgHggmH
1927: Canada:France:~ conetistenUy purchases goods from  to a heavier extent than from any other country' after the United Kingdom and United: Stales.
1927: Canada::~Netherlands, Belgium, New Zealand and Australia. With the amicable relatione existing between  and j spoiA of Cotton—‘~Tm glad I'm not France, the advantageous trade treaty ft pincushion."
1927: CANADA::~T*t MUTUAL lift OF  Established 1869
1927: ‘"jeannette did not answer end the university In what w«» then known fl«~ l lllllll llllllll ik did not seem to notice her Upped Canada. I ho n inie* was at fin-A mix .1 with a wrench and a King’s Ooliege, but In 1K50 was
1927: Canada:England:~The isle Is Just a rock pile In the ocean. There isn't a level spot on it except at the very summit, a site picked for the new school house. White folks fall off the island unless they wear skin raucatuins has received applications from twenty three states,  and .
1927: Canada:United States:~Then came the great agricultural tragedy of the centuries. With cheap transportation on land and sea, . the western , Australia. New Zealand and the Argentine were opened up for settlement and a human flood reached the shores of these countries, resulting In the easy exploitation of virgin lands, and an enormous volume of wheat was poured the world’s markets with the inevitable result that between 1886 and » 1913 wheat touched a dollar average only three limes
1927: Canada::~Quite aside from the economic* of the wheal situation, there Is nothing In : , history to warrant the belief that mini-1 mum prices will not remain permanently on the fairly satisfactory basis | of the last two years, which will ensure reasonable agricultural prosperity fo all wheat producing countries. | There are brighter days ahead of j Canadian agriculture. History proves the case unmistakably. What  now wants is a largely Increased agri-? culture to balance our overgrown ,, towns and cities.
1927: Canada:United States:~were also the risks of getting the shlpe to some point where they could be scraped, for they were scattered along the whole Atlantic Seaboard and the contract was that they should be taken where they were and as tiiey latest issued. A similar trade s-tate-wero. The final figure was actually ment for the year ended November 30, fixed by Mr. Ford, who, following his 1925, showed Canadian imports from custom, settled on a price and said the Unde Sam were $570,380,841 or about company would have to get out on that $57 per capita. The total Imports 1n-prtoe at a profit.	| to  from the  are
1927: Canada::~In the same 12 months  imported from alt jh
1927: Canada::~in.u*y might fail to st hostile attacks n|um the livt pvrty of British and other subjects re siding in China, has given the war-l croakers in  something to
1927: Canada::~to involve  in war, ad
1927: I Montreal—~WtKm Canada celebrates ? the sixtieth anniversary of Confederation on July 1, 1927, thé~ Dominion ! tends to "8ay U with Mowers to England. Arrangements are being made to send there 100,000 [
1927: Canada::~The policies of this Bank are based on the records and experience gathered throughout four generations of close contact with every phase of industrial life in . If you have a financial or business problem, you may be suit that this Bank many times hee helped its customers solve just such a problem.
1927: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL UFE OF  Established 1869
1927: Canada::~Vcuciu  Hour Mill» Co. Limitai.
1927: Canada::~Wc arc the oldest Seed House in  which should be an assurance of the quality and service that wc give.
1927: Canada::40 ’~s wool production in 1926 is estimated at r, 180,270 pounds r.n 39 compared with 15,553,045 pounds -0 in 192,V The value of the clip of 1920 is estimated provisionally at $3,780,000 as compared with $3,901, 000 in 1025. Ontario led in pro-88 duct ion with 4,920,313 followed by Quebec with pounds Alberta led in Western Canada with a yield of 2,400,000 pounds.
1927: Canada::~Early in the winter the vest: y of the church appointed a committee to select names that might be considered by the parish. Visits were made to eastern  and the west by these gentlemen and the offer to Canon Carruthers is the result of their recommendation."
1927: political spellbinders teM us what «~ wonderful country Canada is that we
1927: Canada::~United Sta .
1927: Canada::~The people make any country ami we in  are thrice blest in hav hig a predominating Anglo-Saxon na-\\ e have yet no great polyglot create racial difficulties
1927: Canada:United States:~and this Is perhaps 's greatest The  has about
1927: Canada::~read more about  and so become better inintelligent Cana
1927: , ; You*T4> The Hun Life Aeeurenee Company of ?u‘~lon * ^ Rotation. northwe* Why, It won Canada continuas to eclipse It* own terri to rlcs, for the past year, shows a
1927: Canada::~In force In all , with all com
1927: United States:Canada:~pa nies, Canadian and foreign, when *,,w we,! and matured, war was declared. Latest report* indicate that the general Increase in life Insurance secured during 1926 In the  and  1* six per cent, in excess of 1926. The Sun Life's Increase for the year la 37% per cent.
1927: Canada::~! tig portion the report is the '.lie lowing of business written within the Dominion. Here again a new record is established for  in a massive aggregate of $102,000.000 of paid assurances.
1927: Canada::~The Sun Life Company is as old as the Dominion. But it has greater claims to Canadian pride than that. It Is to-day one of the foremost of the email group of great Canadian financial institutions which are making  famous.
1927: Canada:Canada:~1 he publisher of this paper, in co-operation with a number of other publishers of weekly newspapers, will distribute thirty-six (36) cash prizes to boys and girls for the best essays on . The object of this contest is to stimulate interest in this wonderful country of ours, and to help the boys and girls of to-day, the citizens and leaders of to-morrow, to appreciate better the tremendous potentialities of  and to get some vision i| of that future greatness which fortune has undoubtedly | marked out for this the most important dominion in the British Empire.
1927: Canada::~Every boy and girl who reads this paper has a thence to win one of these prizes. Read all you can about , her early history, both French and British; study her progress from a Crown colony to her present position of political equality with the Motherland; visualiae her future. Th angle you will deal with your subject and write your essay in 1,000 words or less.
1927: Canada::~A complete set of "Makers of ," in Royal Buckram binding, will be presented to the school from which the largest number of scholars win cash prizes. There are ten volumes in the set containing 10,000 pages illustrated by 125 rare historical reproductions. It is a wonderfully comprehensive, vitally interesting work of Canadian history which will prove a real addition to any library.
1927: Canada::~Send essays to  Essay Editor, In care of this paper.
1927: CANADA::~PLACE  THIRD
1927: CANADA::~THE COURAGE OF HER PEOPLE INDICATED BY 'S RAILWAY GROWTH.
1927: Canada:usa:~| Why is  the best country in I the world In which to raise domestic I fowl of all kinds? This is the question I	that many thonds of people, who
1927: Canada::~I ing themselves. They have been led | to propound this query because of the I magnificent display of birds made by  at the World’~s Poultry Congress In Spain in 1924, and also because of the fact that Canada holds I the world’s egg-production records ! I both for a pen of ten hens and for an ! individual hen.
1927: I particularly in Great Britain, the advancement in poultry breeding is largely due to the personal and financial assistance given by leading citizens. His Majesty King George and the Prince of Wales (both of whom will have exhibits at Ottawa) are amongst the outstanding poultry breeders in the Empire, and their example is followed by hundreds whose purpose is patriotic and philanthropic —~persons who are Interested in birds because they are more keenly interest-j ed in men. It is expected that the Congress in Ottawa will be attended ' by about seven thousand delegates from outside Canada, hundreds of whom come with the idea of seeing whether a country which produces such fine poultry would not be a good place for men and women from the over-crowded agricultural areas of Europe. The more citizens from different parts of Canada there are at the Congress the more likely the out-double-tracking Welland Junction to| side delegates will be to learn some-
1927: Canada:France:~Expansion of trade between Canada and Cuba is to be expected as the result of arrangements which have recently been made between the two countries for the extension of mutual trade preferences. Through negotiations, made on the one hand by the Canadian Minister of Finance while! on a visit to Cuba, Canada will receive' preferential treatment from Cuba .and j the products of that country will he admitted to  on terme eimUarto those extended to  and other favored nations.
1927: Canada:Canada:~The most friendly relations have existed between  and Cuba and i there has been evidence for some time on the part of the Republic of a pro-j nounced inclination towards forming closer ties In a trade way. Of this,)  has not been slow to take a<11 -1 vantage. It has been a simple matter of negotiation, since the product* of the two countries are so widely different, each being In a position to furnish many of the requirements of the other.	I
1927: Canada::~Ninety years ago  had sixteen miles of horse-powered railway; j j to-day our country has the third larg- :	l
1927: United States:Canada:~miles, is In the . Next eomes British India with 40,401, and  a close second with 40,061.
1927: CANADA::~COST TO .
1927: Canada::~In . Besides this, the govern- * he laying of a foundation stone ments, both Dominion and Provincial, has always been a highly significant have given crown land subsidies to ®ct in ceremonial life. The stone the extent of 47,194,880 acres, which it8elf i# usually inscribed with at a moderate valuation of $10 an acre names, and strange treasure-trove is brings the value of government assist- sometimes deposited in or upon it, up to the staggering total of the interest of unborn generations who, ages hence, shall grub among the ruins of our ancient, and perhaps forgotten, civilization.
1927: Canada::~British wlrnian, who piloted K 34 across Atlantic, Is likely to come to  to adv 1er on aircraft matters.
1927: Canada::~1916,  imported from Cuba to ] the value of $1.640,619 while exporting to that country to the value of
1927: ended November, 1926, the Dominion’~s Imports from the Republic were $8,074,101, while her exports to that country amounted to $8,099,890. The! tendency, however, has been for Canada to buy from Cuba to a greater extent than she sells to that country, as indicated in the figures of previous corresponding years to the above when export trade totalled $7,486,472 and
1927: Canada::~The principle imports of  Junction will be 16.7 miles in length, from Cuba, as indicated In the trade The continually increasing business
1927: ports indicate that n rich mineral and minimise happiness and con- f°~r position as Canada s first custom-	p .	. .	, The Congress officers are: Preal-
1927: country will be opened up and the tentment in a like degree They give ?r,for	the Iast fiscal year l^Ê^^Ê^ÊÊ~^^SBOl ro ixf more lovai than Canada' aT^ dent’ Mr* .Edward Brown’ London-
1927: Canada::~Many farmers in  who devote some attention to potato raising, and who sometimes have reason to be disappointed when the price drops down to a figure that does not pay, will doubtless be surprised to learn that during the pa.st year over 2t> million pounds of potatoes were imported into the country and placed in competition with the home grown product. A reasonably protective duty would have prevented this invasion of the home market.
1927: The first fish net factory to opérâ~t* in Canada is being started at For William. Ont., by the Canadian Fiel Net Co., L:d., finançai by Canadtar capital and employing Canadian lab or. Hitherto the nets Used l>y Vann rlian fishermen have bo-m import -, from Europe and the United Slate? which has at times entailed I&e&v. losses owing to late deliveries.
1927: Canada::~The first municipal airdrome In  has been completed at Edmonton, Alberta.
1927: The late John Macfarlane was 64 years of age, the third son of the late John Macfarlane, formerly of Bristol, Portage du Fort and latterly of Campbells Hay. He spent his boyhood days in Portage du Fort, and when quite a young man engaged for a time in the teaching profession, one of his first schools being No. 4, Clarendon, known ns "Knox « MÊ/ÊÊÊÈttÈË> Inter he engaged with an English publishing firm to act as their representative in Australia. Reaching that distant land, however, he did not continue long in the service to which he was assigned, but turned his attention to the mining industry, in which he was comparatively successful, eventually qualifying as a mining engineer. He remained in Australia for a number of years, and during that time was happily joined by the lady of his c hoice-Miss Jennie M. Hudgins —~ who journeyed Australia to join her fortunes with his. When later on they returned to Canada, they made their home in Shawville, until the death of Mrs. Macfarlane terminated a happy union.
1927: Moveable property owned by the County of Pontiac, say—~ Canada Victory Bonds, 1934 maturity, face value.......
1927: Canada::~County of Pontiac 4&% Bonds, held by  Life Assur ance Co. maturing 1st January, 1934,...........
1927: Canada::~In 1926 the Sun Life Assurance Company of  paid to living policyholders. In maturing polities and other benefit*
1927: Canada::~Friday and Saturday, July 1 and _ have been proclaimed by the Federal Government as legal holidays fot the celebration of  s Diamond Jubilee. It may not be generally known that Saturday is included as an official holiday, but that this is the case is contained in a circular issued by the national committee arranging for the due observance of the Jubilee.
1927: TJt£~ MUTUAL LIFE OF CANADA Established 1869
1927: Canada::~Presenting the beauties of  to tourist®~, Rod and Gun and Canadian Silver Fox News appears this month as a special Dominion of Canada Tourist number The May issue is featured by a special section, profusely illustrated, in which the countless attractions which Canada has to offer are laid before tourists. An editorial written by Hon. Charles Stewart, Minister of the Interior, welcomes visitors to the Dominion.
1927: Canada::~stations 59; Private Commercial,  ha3 been progressive in His right hand held hers close to> hi »,	^ tQ ^rike at his own wild having short kimono sleeves, or long
1927: Canada::~According to an investigation by the Department of Agriculture, the greatest single item in the cost of farm machinery is repairs. It is obvious, therefore, that care in handling, oiling, tightening bolts, painting, etc., presents the greatest opportunity for saving. Careful housing of the machinery is important in Eastern , but not so import-' ant on the prairie. On small farms,' considerable saving may be effected by using expensive machinery in cooperation with neighbors. On largi farms, the efficiency in saving manual labor may justify the purchase of expensive machinery.
1927: Canada::~Many hold the mistaken idea that when forests burn, a new crop of tim, her will grow up in 30 or 40 years. This is far from true, except in very favored districts. Most of the timber trees in Eastern  arc from 75 up to 250 years up to 150 years ests spruce only 3 inches in diameter and 15 fect high is from 50 to 10) years old, so slow is the growth. That is why Canadians especially must guard against tire and wastage of t. products.
1927: The sweetly scented talcum powder with which women all over the continent powder their noses and dust their babies is another Canadian raw material about which little is heard and concerning which little is known by the general public. Talc in its native condition is really a soft rock and is also known as steatite or soapstone. To chemists it is known as magnesium silicate. It is easily cut, silvery white in color, has a greasy feel and when powdered it is known as French chalk. It is heat-resisting and non-conductive. It is used principally for toilet purposes, as a lubricant, as a filler for paper and for tailor’~s chalk. It also enters into the manufacture of rubber goods and textiles and cut in blocks is used in furnace linings. Canada possesses the most important high-grade talc de posits in the world. The very highest j qualities are necessary in the manufacture of talcum* powder, and Eastern Ontario is the chief source of supply of the indispensible toilet article for the North American continent.
1927: England::~A few years ago Canadian furs were marketed almost altogether through fur auctions outside the country, largely in the Unite4 States and . To-day the world’~s fur buyers must come to Canada if they wish to get their proper share of prize Canadian pel ta. Recognized fur markets are now established at Montreal and Winnipeg and are being established at Vancouver and* Edmonton also.
1927: CANADA::~FIRESTONE TIRE fis RUBBER COMPANY OF , Limited
1927: Canada::~Durant Motors of , Llmltrd
1927: CANADA::~THE PROVINCIAL RANK OF , plaintiff; vs. II. FOUCAULT & al, defendant.
1927: directly in front of the windows, as a pleasing informal design. Keep the 7 Omit none of the hrst roo j •~	+ hel Often it will agement in Eastern Canada, in a sec- shorten the periods of play,
1927: his originality of style and his ex- tion, rightly says: “After the instinc- to further preserve and perpetuate the In 1923 Ontario lost 2,120,148 acres with material and low caresses, lest the fifty.four years since the first ceptional taste, who has been called tive surprise caused by the idea of a province’~s forests to the people of forest land through in 1J24, by 8trivjng to be too divine it becomes cenflUS was taken the capital in the in to make the design harmonious and turning house, one will quickly be-	through enlisting the support of the	146,000 acres; in 1925, 187,000 acres;	legg human; it mU8t be allowed its	milling industry of Canada has
1927: in the Villa Tournesol they are natur-! the form and the movement of the resources and a fire menace which at Sault Ste. Marie what is claimed muçh because it is eternal.—~Jei^my operation in Canada, 455 of them be-ally V-shaped. At first sight it would universe.’	has destroyed many millions of acres to be the greatest areodrome centre Taylor	' ing flour and grist mills and 855 chop-
1927: sections have been cut off to serve America practical shape, and many its of the province. The amount of in the area.	^	‘~f. 4V j<ted ing capacity in Canada, per 24 hours,
1927: ner as to break up the lines—~furni- the sun.__ last for fifty years without counting of Canada, is endeavoring to follow ^	. Tt ,	1 verv’beautiful and Quebec 22,264 barrels. Western
1927: Canada::~daunted stream hurdles the barrier Distribution 01  8
1927: Canada::~Wheat flour exporta from  increased in volume in 1926, though One of the most wholesome and op account of lower prices prevailing easily digested sweets in the world the total value was slightly lower.
1927: Canada::~to-day is produced in  in quantities sufficient to maintain a large export trade, says the Natural Resources Intelligence Service. Honey is the sweet in question. Honey Is really a predigee ted food as the be^s have modified the sugar content of the neotar. Hence It is a very valuable food for children and Invalids without In any way impairing its food value as an everyday relish. Canadian honey j 044 has a world-wide reputation for Its
1927: Canada::~The United Kingdom was 's
1927: Canada::~Ottawa,  .
1927: Canada::~In 10M the Sun Life Assurance Company of  paid to living policyholders.
1927: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 1889
1927: Canada::~W.eU.o  Float Mille Co. Limited
1927: Canada::~effort for the  Essay Contest great degree.	! “The boy reader of to-dav has seen ^ match. This color combination is Rarne	and are ^ld with the to* s,x successive days caught oneof
1927: Canada::~enjoy all the beauties of the road, is <<So 1 Bh<>uld llke you tell us should buy it colored The <ame am I berry and Its Cultivation in , an experience you will always look what we can do with him as we sit ount of money invested in plain white1 <S available on application to the back on with pleasure. The diversity down to write his stories to-day. I damask will be a better investment1 Publications Rranch’ Dept, of A grief headquarters you have to choose *agcr *t will be a problem beyond for the average housewife	I culture, Ottawa, and covers every
1927: I appear before you to-day In much the same capacity but the firm I represent Is, I will not say the richest, but I believe in the extent of Its resources, the largest in the world, I •~peak of our newly organized Depart mental Store of Canada. In our early days we started as a small outpost of the British Empire Ltd. Sixty years ago we
1927: Canada::~the United Farmers vote polled for all parties some M per cent was for Conservative candidates. Kven in Quebec the Conservatives polled over 10 per cent, and although tho Conservatives elected only one nu mber in Western  they secured over 200,000 ballots.
1927: These figures show there is nothing to be discouraged about in the situation from the Conservative standpoint, and to paint the Conservative party as merely au Ontario faction, existing on prejudice, is malicious misrepresent»~ tion of the situation. As a matter ot fact, it has onlv been by a solid Quebec, where a campaign of falsification without parallel in the history of Canada has been conducted against the Conservative party and against the former Conservative leader, lit. lion. Arthur Mvighen, that Premier King has
1927: Canada::~, and with a national policy. It has played a big part in the building up of  ; it has always been a party of vision and faith in the Dominion.
1927: Canada::~Motors of . Limited
1927: Canada::~Sir John Willison, K. H , L.L.D., one of the best known newspaper men in , an author, public H|>eaker and magazine writer of note, died at the Toronto Oeueral Hospital on Friday last.
1927: Canada:Canada:~just on the point of production. This company, registered in  laet year, acquired the sole rights for the Dominion of  and its dependencies of the Dreyfus patents and profor the manufacture of cellulose acetate, artificial silks, etc. The factory has been in process of erection on a site of 170 acres at Drummond-ville, about sixty miles from Montreal.
1927: Canada:Canada:~Great interest has been exhibited in these fabrics in Canada, silk imports into  have been steadily rising. Total imports of this nature in the first nine months of the present fiscal year had a value of $4,076,436, as compared with $3,734,267 in the year before, and $2,542,562 in the year before that. A market for yarns has been opened, principally with the cotton trade, with the result that already cotton mills in 
1927: Canada::~Druggist:	"Something else. Miss. fabrics an<j yarnB (n , and the
1927: Canada::~Hama' Pink Pilto, and soon began to etlemleg among which snakes are most feel better, and aftef taking a few more act|v<$ Th<w, wlth the exception of boxes of the pilla I left as strong ae ^ one poisonous variety in , ever, and could thoroughly enjoy ray fhe rattleenake- ghould be protected, rest at night. Now, I always recom- 0w!g an(j hawks are valuable ae demend theee ptile to any trie n de who g,royerg o( n(,lloug rodents and the
1927: Canada::~Lv. Ottawa daily, 1.35, a.m.; lO.OOw Trans  11.40, p. m.»
1927: Canada::~In lftjB the Sun Life Assurance Company of  paid to living policy holders.
1927: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 1869
1927: Canada::~"three white frosts in succession, , and will continue research is sure to be followed by a fine wm.g at McGill University, with spell of weather, was badly shot view of obtaining the degree of up by last Saturday s record down- Doctor of Philosophy. Arnold is pour. It looks as if those weatUer amH of Mr and Mrs. W. D. Cnth-theoriets had got things mixed. | bertson, 49 Glen avenue, Ottawa.
1927: Canada::~See  First.
1927: Canada::~One of the finest single parties to swell Canadian population this year, arrived In  recently at Quebec aboard the Canadian Pclflc steamer Qrea^ Structure to be Erected
1927: Canada::~the first to he sent to  through this immigration scheme.
1927: Canada::~The work represented In the decision of the United Grain Growers to build a 6,600,000 bushel plant at Port Arthur represents the largest single contract for elevator capacity that has ever been awarded In  or elsewhere.
1927: Canada::~A significant feature of the situation is that the Grain Growers, having had the construction of such a plant In mind for some time, after w'atchlng the development of the grain trade as 1 related to the Pacific coast route and also the Hudson's Bay, decided to locate at Port Arthur on the route via Eastern .
1927: CANADA::~OF  LIMITED
1927: liOfil Lansdowne, who \va«~ Governor* General of Canada during the 80s, and who occupied a prominent place in the public life of the Empire for nearly half n century, died suddenly on Friday last itt the residence of Lord Osborn de
1927: United States:Canada:~Hon. William Phillips, recently appointed diplomatic representative of the  to , was in Ottawa tor a day or two last week and ar-d for business offices in the Metro-
1927: Canada::~Durant Motors of . Limited
1927: CANADA:UNITED STATES:~'  AND THE  "c'JC'Z:	CEMENT CENTURY OF FRIENDS*
1927: Canada::~Complying with your request that I write you a letter, it was with much p&eas-uro I reoolved the Information that I had won second prise In  Essay Contcet. I fully realize and appreciate the honor you have bestowed me, and 1 hope that the essay may be of benefit to other young Canadian# in making them realize what a really glorious country It Is our privilege to own.
1927: Canada:Canada:~Canada, our home and native land, of huts, that the beautiful name Can-Let us pause for a moment to let those ada was derived, old well-worn words .sink down Into our minds, A groat thrill of pride passes through our beings ns we realize their full meaning. , this beautiful, bountiful land, stretching from ocean to ooean and ranking high in the great nations of the world, Is cure. We are Canadians. We were born In  and are protid of It, for what after al Ils better than to be a Canadian, free and unpampered as the waves of the ocean, living amid all the grandeur and beauty which our country provides for Its people.
1927: Canada::~able George A Simard, Consul General for . The entry of Roumanie (rings the number of counties taking
1927: Canada::~part in the Congress to two score, deep appreciation and gratitude felt When  Invited the World's Poultry Congress to hold Its 1927 meeting In the capital of the Dominion
1927: Canada::~"See '* train.
1927: (a) To promote, maintain and safe- along the International border and guard International amity and friend- ! elsewhere, "commemorating ,empha» ly relation® between the people of the sizing and perpetuating the sentiment United State®~ and Canada, and other of friendship"; and generally "to unportion® of the British Commonwealth dertake akl practical and effective of Nations, and of fostering coopéra- moans to promote, Improve and sue-
1927: United States:Canada:~I>over when she had to give up. This J of public-spirited citizens of the afore- the American Premier, W. L. Mac-was In 1923 when she swam 37 miles sad countries in regard thereto, with a konzie King and other leading men In In 14 hours. The next year she strug- view to the improvement of Interna- the  and  are sup-
1927: lions of the same, as a revenueearn- j will be (1,250,000, and three classe# of ing activity, a Centenary Volume of shares will be soldi at $1,250, $1,000, North America—the said volume to and $50, repseotively, to be paid into be in the nature of a literary memorial a trust company, and any profits ari»~-to the hundred and more years of ing from its business will be applied peace between Canada and the solely in furtherance of the aim® of the United State® of America; and such foundation. The heed office of the other publications of a like nature as directors will be In Toronto, may be determined from time to time.
1927: Canada::~when  changed from French of fifty miles of levees along Bayou to British rule, and to these brave soi- Des Glaises probably would be car-dders and their leader, Wolfe, we owe ried away.
1927: Canada:Canada:~But it is only when we look back into the past that we fully realize how Canada has advanced. A few hundred years ago our now peaceful and highly past, let us look Into the future. What civilized country was almost a Jungle is to be the crowning destiny of Canin whose depths wild animals prowled, ada. hall the noble efforts of our pro-and uninhabited by humans save by decessors be in vain. _She has tre-the different tribes of savage Redmen meudous possibilities, and in our hands who painted their bodies with red lies the making of her future. Shall . ochre and warred on one another, it be undying, worthy to be cherished hunted, fished, and did a little prlmi- by the generations to come.  live farming. Then came the paleface ! has had a great past, is having a great explorers and their advent marked a present, and will have what promises day in the history of  and to be a greater future. She is young Gone forever was their and has accomplished much, and how
1927: Canada::~transmitters operated In conjunction  was 238^00 acres. >'Nire |	g such things as gold, diamonds, and
1927: able of telephonic and continuous wave ed 15,000 bushels of alfa! I a ¦ wM per Canada’s Minister of Immigration, Hon. Robt. Forke and Mr»~, horse,. wh<) make their pile by such means and interrupted continuous wave tele- year but by 1926 this trade movement	(hie week for England to study, first band, the immigrant England have mllch the same qualities aa those
1927: Canada::~L?. Ottawa daily, 1.35, am.; 10.00, p. to.; Trans- 11.40, p. m.»
1927: Canada::~Office-Hayes' Block, Slmwville. of  paid to^ ifvTn^p^lîcyholdera^
1927: Canada::~The policies of this Bank are based on the records and experience gathered throughout four generations of close contact with every phase of industrial life in . If you have a financial or business problem, you may be sure that this Bank many times has helped its customers solve just such a problem.
1927: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 869
1927: means,” he said. *“~How does one go	--------.	.	Canada it is named after Mr. William
1927: Alfalfa can be grown over the eet range of climatic condition*»~ of any legume yet grown in Canada. It if now being produced in every pro vine# from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
1927: Canada::~Durant Motors of . Limited
1927: Canada::~Standard Bread,  Bread, Beachburg Bread, Sereney’s Bread.
1927: Canada::~And stand on guard, O ,
1927: Canada::~O , glorious and free,
1927: Canada::~O , we stand on guard for thee 1
1927: Canada::~Owing to the (act that numerous suggestions were received from all parts of  that » version of “~O Canada" be approved, the National Committee for the Celebration of the DUmond JubUee of Confederation circularised the Prime Ministers and the Ministers of Education of all the Province. Replies were received that the version written by the late R. Stanley Weir, D.C.L., Recorder of Montreal, is betag used to the schools of all the Provinces, including the English-speaking sections of Quebec. In view ol this, toe Committee is using the Weir version in its own publications.	___________
1927: Canada::~space of the one day; perhaps too al-	the people of		from Halifax to	t1<)ll<li	progress rapidly raise# the
1927: Canada::~Memorials on Parliament Hill, Ottawa, of those Great Figures in Canadian Life Whose Efforts Have Resulted in the United , the Sixtieth Anniversary of whose Birth will be Celebrated July 1.
1927: course, be carried end the plane must Board of Trade counciL He did not “Whether one approves or disap-have navigator# abroad. It was all believe such a scheme would be In Prove«~ ot prohibition, a reading of very well for Lindbergh and Chamber- the nature of an experiment, because the Windsor and Montreal proceed-lin to eieer by com pa es or reckoning, of the experience Canada had gained ln*a mu8t dla*U8t b,m w,tb the lnef-but no paeeengers should be entrusted jn the tour of the Canadian exhibi- fluency or venality of enforcement on
1927: Canada::~Regina Leader (Lib.) i Hon. Mr., Robb In his Montreal address suggested that Canadians "turn to the north." This is a view which is becoming Increasingly recognised as sound and progressive by Canadian statesmen and agriculturists and Industrialists. Hon. J. Q. Gardiner, the Premier of Saskatchewan, has frequently alluded to the desirability, even the necessity, of Canadians gradually working away from the in* ternatlonal boundary in their conquest of the natural resources ot . The north—the north in every province—is calling as never before. In these areas
1927: United States:Canada:~on the Pacific Coast either of the  or . These, with the eoe at Lake hurst, N.J., would be sufficient, he said.
1927: Canada::~have the greatest lumber resources; we have the wealthiest eral raines of all kinds, and we have water-power resources tor their development The wolrd is compelled to look to . The Dominlo* b the eve of great development This Jubilee Year promises to be Lhneda's outstanding year Its history.
1927: Canada::~Lv. Ottawa daily, 1.35, am.; 10.00, p. m.; Trans- 11.40, p. m.* (Soo).
1927: Canada::~In 1920 the Sun Life Assurance Company . - of  paid to living policyholders.
1927: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 869
1927: CANADA::~historic new Grand Stand Pageant ".M The 1927Confederation Year Program Is the greatest in the 49 years cf our history.
1927: Canada::~a quarter centuries have pawed since , years since  became a united	Rot	entangled with the punt ropes on	hand picture shows Ht. Hon. Stanley	leaR0 hla oar from the	entangling rope
1927: Canada::~of  ns a Dominion stretching	which we have entered now that tin-
1927: Canada::~men whose memory is still fresh. J effort in the great war Is receding The Dominion of  is a newly into the past will reveal an advance built edifice but it has been raised even swifter and no loss sure, on ancient foundations. The composition of the structure is revealed In
1927: Canada:: know a nation in the fullest F'rom Al,|p<1 P°lnt ot view Gal-, dltlon — undoubtedly well-founded—~; aen*e The union which was effected : l,poIf was tlln bitterest tragedy of the that ships are at an enormous illsail the Coat of Arma which Canada has in 1867 and In the aix .succeeding years Wilr 11 rt«»appolnt««~l the one real : vantage In attacking forte or land j chosen as her national symbol. The has been followed through the genera- hopo ,h# or|K|nal Allle* bad of win- batteries wan rashly Ignored by the ancient stock from which Canadians ttona by a spiritual unlit rat Ion and a nlnK 1,16 war unalrte<l- R wns the one Alltod naval expedition. Hut at the hare sprung Is represented on the symmetrical development of the na- ' atratcK|tal conception of ambitious : Dardanelles there was a factor offset-quartering* by tho leopards of Kng- ttonal life of Canada until on her !ecope end *em,lue value on the Allied ] ttng the natural superiority of land land, the lilies of France, the lion of sixtieth birthday her clllr.en* can lcok Bl,le-the only counter thrust to tho | defenses. That was the poss blllty-HGotland, and the Irish harp The m w with pride on their achievement In a|, ortglnal German drive on the western or to say probability-of Turkish lack nationality made up of these element, flekts cf human endeavor	| front- whUh P|nnml lllfl b,llk of tho 1 of Preparedness. Had the Turks an
1927: fessional reserve—~in the	skeptical	chanco	of a break through was	not	consideration for its professional	conditions in Canada are better than
1927: United States:Canada:~There 1h now in progress emigration from the  to  which, according to the Canadian Pacific Railway, marks a new development in the transfer of citizens from this country to the Dominion. Farmers from the tobacco-growing States of the Union, particularly Kentucky. are moving in conslderble number* Into the tobacco districts of Ontario and othe provinces; inquiries ere being made of the Canadian authorities by many more.
1927: United States:Canada:~they are in the , the soil not having been depleted and tho British preferential tariff being to the advantage of Ibe Dominion growers. The effort to stimulate tobacco culture in the British Isles does not seem to bo regarded as a menace to the future of the plantations under tho British flag on this continent.  is doing everything in its power to strengthen the tobacco industry in all departments, and this greatly encourages growers as well as tins owners of factures.—N. Y. Sun.
1927: Since that first great day I have religion s distinguished from creeds found the moccasin flower In many horn of theologians’ disputes.”—Dr. place#—~on the top of barren hills and William J. Mayo, in the Mack-lands of northern Canada, where four feet under the peat, | During a railroad strike in England the loe never melts even In midsum n volunteer engineer on the London
1927: CANADA::~LA BANQUE PROVINCIALE DU , plaint ill ; vs. ARMANI) FOUCAULT, kt al., defendants.
1927: Canada::~Durant Motors of . Limited
1927: 4-wheel brakes . . . stops in two car lengths from 21 miles an hour Turns in 34-foot circle • • •~ easiest car in Canada to park
1927: Bostock creek, which Is tributary to the Ulecillewaet river In British Columbia, is named after Senator Hewitt Bostock, who entered the House of Commons In 1896 as mem be/ for ale and Cariboo.—~Geographic Board of Canada.
1927: CANADA::~OF  LIMITED
1927: Canada::~stream-bubble from the melting snow, of  are acutely alive to the read this column do It with the hope Under winter snows, when the up- virtues of State ownership of certain that It won’t be tiresome every day. right crags and sliding spits of scree industries. Operations along this
1927: Canada::~any part o fthe North American Continent, while Communism has scarce-, ly any supporters at &H in .
1927: Canada::~Le  (Lib.): It may be true
1927: Canada::~Lv. Ottawa daily, 1.35, am.; 10.00, p. m ; ' Trans  11.40, p. m., (Boo).
1927: Do you occasionally wish to send money out of town ? Step into any Branch of this Bank and secure a Draft for the amount—~ aa conveniently and with no more delay or formality than in buying an article in a store. The Bank of Nova Scotia Drafts are payable at par at any banking point in Canada, and the scale of charges is very moderate.
1927: Canada::~In 1920 the Sun Life Assurance Company of  paid to living policy Soldera.
1927: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 869
1927: Canada::~Gordon and Gotch () Limited,
1927: Canada::~And the Grand Stand'Spec Ucle "" In an #n trancing spectacle magnificent beyond description and eclipsing any previous stage presentation
1927: Canada::~Tho Canadian authorities liavo made a comparison of figures on tho trop* whlrh gives an impressive picture of the development of the Dominion. Tho Government Bureau of Information, in a recently iaaued circular, nays that within the thirty-seven years between 1*90 and 1927 the acreage lu wheat in  has quadrupled. In 1870 the wheat crop amounted to 20,000,000 bushels, in 1900 to 65,5»>0i,000, and now the aver* age annual crop amounts to more than
1927: Canada::~In 1926 the value of the dairy products of  amounted to $250.000,000, an amount which constitutes a substantial proportion of the country's annual income. Important items accounting for part of this total were the 169,000,000 pounds of butter and the 177,000,000 pounds of cheese produced In that year. Ontario and Quebec are the most important dairying provinces, but there has been a remarkable Increase In dairy products to the three prairie provinces tween 1922 and 1924 butter produc-4 tton ill Alberta, Manitoba and Bas-
1927: Canada::~not whe to go to the full extent of I	money.	extraordinarily small.	M ,owu lo wheet ln  for the
1927: Canada::~1,($36.748 acres, or 7 per cent.. Is at* tributable to the difficulties of the late seeding season in the prairie provinces. says the official crop report* For oats the area sown is estimated at 13.755.000 acros, as compared with 12,741,057 acres In 11926. a slight lu> crease of 13,943 acres. Barley sown 1* estimated at 8.641,500 acres as compared with 8,636,663 acres in 1926, an Increase of 4,337 acres area sown to all field crops, exclusive ol grain hay. In  for 1927 is es--tlmated at 53,401,600 acres ,a* compared with 55,017,271 acres for 1926.
1927: Canada::~A yield of 825,075,900 bushels of wheat Is estimated from the 1927 crop In , which Is about 85.000.000 bushels less than the totll yield last year, but It Is, of course too early to attempt to figure accurately the finals result of the crop.
1927: Canada::~f  during the year ID26.
1927: Canada::~cars and trains of  deaths from automobile ac
1927: Edmonton, Aug. 24.—~Western Canada will be fully represented at the big Conservative convention at Winnipeg October 11, to name a national leader. This was definitely stated l>y Major General A. D. McRae, of A an convex, chairman of the organization committee for the pending convention, when he delivered a special address before local Conservatives who tendered him a luncheon here today.
1927: Canada::~Although Ontario has but 36 of tho 104 tanneries operating In , the capital Invested tn the industry in that province is $25,110,814 out of a Dominion total of $30,095,917. All but 788 of the 3.835 employes engaged in tanning all over the country are located In Ontario, and the value of their work, in 1925. according to the Dominion Bureau of Statistics, was $22.309.980 in a total production of $26,141,217.
1927: Canada::~The average value of the occupied farm lands in , including both Improved and unimproved land, as well as dwelling houses, barns and stables thereon, was $37 per acre in
1927: United States:Canada:~India Egypt, Australia, China, Argen-1 Colonel Ilcrcsford are much pleased tin a and practically all parta of the with polo conldtione. The game Is  and .	i getting better and faster all the time.
1927: Canada::~in  for handling the fast
1927: Canada:United States:~Hoover report there* have come suggestions that the Canadian government might use the St. Lawrence as a I bargaining point in other issues with The publication of the note from the United States, such as those the Prime Minister of  refusing raised by our tariffs or the drainage for the present to enter Into n ego t la - canal controversy. And there have tloiis over a convention for the execu-	been fears lest the  gain
1927: Canada::~tien of the St. Lawrence waterway	too much control over 's na-
1927: Canada::~It was noticed that the reception j " ben winter wraps the earth In of Mr. Hoover's report in  was "bawls of white, not enthusiastic. Mr. King's Liberal,The vir«,n /«rests call me through government, which had Just extricated ‘	the n,*ht.
1927: Canada::~te tW trade mark <f>rlet#-r*d la ) of Bayer llanwfaet Saltcyllcacld (Acrtyl Sa I ley lie Add. "A. 8. A").
1927: Canada::~The Industrial Commission, headed by Sir William Mackenzie, which was sent to  and the Vnlted States to study industrial conditions, has issued a voluinous report, which Is more In the nature of a comment-conditions than of definite
1927: Canada::~' Lv. Ottawa daily, 1.35, am.; 10.00; p. m.; Trans- 11.40, p. m
1927: Canada::~In 1926 the Sun Life Assurance Company of  paid to living policyholders, in maturing policies and other benefit*
1927: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 869
1927: Canada::~Next week Winnipeg will command the attention of the politically interested throughout , and doubtless ot many others beyond her borders it ion d convention 'of the Conservative be held there, primarily for the of choosing a federal leader,
1927: but packs that ¦~become Wre lead tojw^J pv'The'vlsiU T%hMr" Royal serious damage through bruising. AMHighn0E,sev. the Prince of Wales and the same Ume care must be taken r^|Prlnce Oeorge, and of Ht. Hon. Stnn-t<> owrpvtws the apples in the ban els miawin, prime Minister of Great or boxes, or spoilage will result. In BrUftjn Th(.S(. persona* short the fruit in the container must Jm flrvivt,d eurly in August and be pro perly arranged and tilled to. laU,r fn the same month a party, num-exactly the right height before pre^- ' bering about one hundred, of members ir.g down the head of the container-. yiy British Newspaper Society IIow to do this is dearly told in a rvavhvd Canada and spent six weeks bulVJn on “Packing Apples in Par- vit)WlnK the country from coast to reU and Boxes,” dtefci bated by the Publications Branch. Dept, of Agriculture, Ottawa.
1927: It now requires only the^ construe-“~You see that gentleman glaring at I tion of 286 miles of highway, before me? He would surely like to know Canada wLl have a motor road extend- awr anted lady or GENT LEM A« what I think of the new Italian liter#- ing from Halifax to Vancouver, en- W .“L canjuÏa' «I°isîU ture, or, at least, that I should tell tlrely within the Dominion. This miss-	ni BLE PRAYER. Position or
1927: Canada::~Arrives in 	from the Coblenz bridgehead. Her	Daupbine today; the Vosges and the
1927: Featured by an exceptionally attractive cover design, the first of a series of outdoor paintings from the brush of the well known Canadian artist, Major Allan Brooks, the October issue of Rod and uun and Canadian Siver Fox News has just been published. The contains many interesting article»~ and stories having to do with hunting and fishing trips ions parts of Canada, while the regular departments on angling, shooting, Outdoor Talk, ken ne and trapping contain much useful information on the latest develop ment in their respective branches
1927: Canada::~take hold of the right fork with.the New light was thumb on the top side and all four thrown on the freight rate situation fingers gripping the fork, with the in western  by detailed Judg-1 mtle finger against the heel calk, ments of the Canadian Railway Com- Keep the calks face down. The thumb mission. Just received by the British controls the shoe in turning. If the Columbia Government here. The most 6fioe turns more than a one-an-three-important point made clear for the quarter turn, move the thumb slightly first time is that the contention of j forward toward the toe calk, gripping western provinces in regard to domes- the shoe tighter. To slow up the turn, laide St., Toronto tic grain rates is without merit. The hold closer toward the-heel calk. The return maiL commission’s written Judgment flatly ghoe, whpn leaving the hand should rejects the plea of British ( olumbia level, not edgewise, for a domestic grain rate as low as
1927: Canada::~W.atwra  Flour Mille C# Limited
1927: Canada::~Dominion of  Victory Bonds
1927: Canada::~Dominion of  Victory Loan Bonds maturing December ltt will be redeemed at any Branch of the Bank of Nova Scotia.
1927: Canada::~of  paid to living policyholders.
1927: Canada:United States:~('Hi)Hda I hereby present through your | Ralston, the Canadian Minister of Na-good offices to the Government and ttonal Defence, emphasized the spirit people of the United States this monu- of good will and nelghborlinesa of the gift of the Canadian Uev-  and the , and rn nient and people to honor the mein- «aid he hoped the two nations would of those citizens of the United never lose sight of the mutual glory, who served In the Canadian pledge of brotherhood and "fellowship and gave their lives
1927: Canada::~V S.. presented  * sacrifice to Hon. Frank B. Kellog, Sec
1927: Canada:United States:~weather and sunny skies favored tho unveiling in Arlington Cemetery this afternoon of Canada's Cross of Sacrifice, erected by the Government of  In honor of tho citizens of the  who served Canadian Army and gave their lives
1927: CANADA::~Q.R.8. MUSIC CO., , LTD. 310 151 padIna Avenue, Toronto 2.
1927: Canada::~girls leaving Liverpool for  on board the < unard
1927: CANADA::~STMONDS  SAW CO.
1927: Ix>rd and Lady Aberdeen have travelled extensively and as long ago as 18U.'I Lady Aberdeen organized the Irish section at the Chicago World’~s Fair. She ham been prominent in social work, especially women suffrage, for half a century. Her husband has held many high posts, including Viceroy of Ireland and Governor-General of Canada.
1928: Canada::~In 1926 the Sun Life Assurance Company of  paid to living policyholder*.
1928: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 869
1928: Canada::~Covering a district about four 1 unci red miles square during a two years' Investigation of the migrations of the caribou In the sub-Arctic regions of the Northwest Territories. , an explorer of the Department of the Interior discovered the route of the main migration, formerly the carbiou wintered east of Great Slave Lake and spent the summer on Victoria and other islands of the Arctic archipelago, now they turn eastward before reaching the 3cast and summer In the» country **t of Backs River.	,
1928: right binder twine factories in opérât ion j Uy\L!'!,ude^ig„~od L-'oTri^ure/tlmt in Canada, but owing to the unlavor- L meeting of the Electors of the Mnniable nature of the tariff as affecting eipality of Clarendon will be held in those Industries, nearly all have been | Hynes Hall, hliawville
1928: Canada::~Gold has been found in every province of  except Prince Edward
1928: Canada::~In 1926 the total production of gold in  was 1,729.000 ounces, valued j at $35,749,000. Approximately 85 per cent, of this production was obtained from mines in northern Ontario, and 14 per cent, from British Coinml)in.
1928: Canada::~In Mr. Spencers death i-moved another link with tin* early days of railroading in , for over half a century, he had been actively connected with rail road work in one form or another
1928: Canada::~In 1926 the Sun Life Assurance Company of  paid to living policyholders.
1928: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 860
1928: Canada::~The films were made in Glacier National Hark of  last summer.
1928: “~Over there they are crying out or stale aid or agriculture, and In Britain 'the same cry is heard. 1 don't know that ft. would help In the long run. I 1 think English farmers should get together more and work In closer v>-Ioperation as we do in Canada.
1928: usa:Canada:~I thonds gone out of business In Western  during the past, three yearv.
1928: Canada::~ever held in , at Winnipeg | they have all new Flays, excellent
1928: Canada::~some extent 16th Parliament of  was opened by llis Excellency the ( lovernor-UetV-eval at three o'clock last I hursday.
1928: Canada::~tioual Dairy Council of , Uttaua, cJalg of the republic of Panama to the string of the "lady” kite when *aid that his organization had made re- makp excavations at the spot indi- “she” swoops down to attack, and presentations to the Canadian Govern- catetl on tbe map.	not infrequently does so, in which
1928: Canada::~10 Trade treaties between  and ” certain foreign countries " to be submitted to Parliament.
1928: Canada::~Largest in 's History
1928: Canada::~The total yield of wheat in  for 1927 is estimated at 440.024,700 bushels from 22,460,000 acres, as compared with 407,136,000 bushels from 22,895,000 acres in 1926, according to a report issued last week by the Dominion Bureau of Statistics.
1928: Canada::~The policies of this Bank arc based on the records and experience gathered throughout four generations of close contact with every phase of industrial life in . If you have a financial or business problem, you may be sure that this Bank many times has helped its customers solve just such a problem.
1928: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 869
1928: Canada::~There is scarcely u spot in  where you will not And some formerly ailing person who has found new health through the use of thin medicine. The experience of Mrs. Thomas Ahearn, St. Malo, Que., hoars out these statements. Sho says:—"I have the greatest reason to he thankful for what Dr. Williams' rink Pills have done for me. I was
1928: Anti-Vaccination à~ Medical Liberty League of Canada (Inc.)
1928: Canada::~condition of  was in any respect I they reminded me irresistibly of a jfon.'.Vd"the" theme ‘of àn’tnte're.ting improved. Mr. Caban quoted otticial srov-d of tired aaiuilv paities settling |iretur*' delivered to the members
1928: purposes. By using uniform, strong Tj10 "anti-esthetical, anti-hygienic, daring raids on the Masai people. He shelled, well shaped eggs, the percentage anti-ethical" handshake, with demo- has returned to Nairobi, having kill-of chicks hatched is increased and there- Cratic associations, "has had its day" ed eighty lions and ten leopards, and by the cost of hatching chicks is re- and must go. So says a Lombardy thus eradicated the menace, duced. The storing of the eggs for newspaper, and the principal organ Mr. Hunter had many intensely La compagnie dite “The Interprohatching is also responsible for much of of Fascism (whose editor Is general- exciting experiences and very narrow vincial and James Bay Railway Com the variation noted in hatching results, ly held to voice the sentiments of his escapes from death, including being pany «’~addressers ou parlement du Overheating the eggs, or keeping them brother Mussolini), expresses hearty charged by a rhinoceros, a buffalo, Canada, à sa prochaine session, afin
1928: Canada::~One hopes that the proposed flights  and South America to im- Turkish alone In the commerce and away and lay down under a big urn-of the R-100 will turn public opln*?n ; prove the facilities make it all the public life of this cosmopolitan city, b relia thorn near by, leaving the larg-to appreciate that the airship and air- , more imperative that Australia should « For centuries the streets of Con- est lion to bring the remains of tho plane are complementary and will not take 8tep8 pl,t herself on a more stantinople have resounded to the congonl to them in the shade.
1928: Canada::~land, South Africa and , ready airship bases are erected or in of erection in Egypt, India, and South Africa, while the of Australia and New
1928: Canada::~The action of the university students may be ascribed to two rea-one patriotic and the other economic. The hundred per cent. HP mood of young Turkey is commend-One of our youngest airwomen is a	 Leads	able enough, especially since there is
1928: •~ary schools, 30,000 In secondary foreJgn countrie8. indeed in commer-HchoolS, 60,000 In technical institutes, ^ maUerg Canada anticipated the
1928: Canada::~process  Governments Zealand have signified their Intention
1928: Canada::~Ottawa Journal (Cons.): episode in the Ottawa Collegiate Institute. when 39 out of 10 students answered that Lindbergh was the first airman to cross the Atlantic, illustrated something of the. effect in  of the self advertising of our American friends. . . . Several British airmen
1928: FOR SALK —~ Quantities of Timothy I In 1036 the Sun Life Assurance Company and Red (lover Seed (separate); Arthor of Canada paid to living policyholders. Peas, and Green Mountain Potatoes, in maturing policies <3>n-7 ona ceo Apply to W. IL Covcigau, Shawville, R. and other benefits	/,0/4,000
1928: Canada:Canada:~The maple, whose leaf Ih the national emblem of , Is our second most important hardwood, and is represented in  by nine or more species scattered from the Atlantic to*the I'acIMr
1928: Canada::~Mpeed latent every trip, compare f< move, charges .
1928: Canada::~Men and women from the United Kingdom are always pleasantly surprised, when visiting , to find in Red Rose Orange Pekoe a tea which the best teas in the Old Country cannot surpass. They prefer Red Rose Orange Pekoe because it is a blend of the finest teas grown—put j and packed under the pervision of men trained in the London tea markets. *-b I
1928: Canada::~4.	A bonus of common stock and a vote In the management of one of the finest buildings In .
1928: Canada::~Bond House in  300 Bay Street
1928: Canada::~The Intei-provincial and James Bay Railway Company will apply to the Parliament of , at its present session for an Act :
1928: I In 192(1 the Sun Life Assurance Company HOUSEKEEPER—Wanted at once—~I of Canada paid to living policyholders. Competent Housekeeper.	Apply to I In maturing policies	QII7 QOA RKC
1928: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 869
1928: Canada::~Ottawa Journal (Cons.); matter of transportation  cannot eat It# cake and bave It. Neither for material advantage nor for political reasons can we go on reducing freight rates while expecting at the sa mo time that our great a mapo nation systems can continue to give us that efficiency of service which Is so vital in a far flung country Like Can-
1928: Canada::~ie the trade msrk trmiwtcml in ) ,
1928: Ruler, Minister of National Revenue, ' been of use to those who have been explaining that Great Britain and the | reconditioning the Victory, as without Çnited States had agreed to such ft , it there would have been no assurance limit in the case of the latter»~ waters, that the rigging of this famous old and that Canada was desirous of hav- ship would have been correct lag a similar law.	The steamship models cover a wide
1928: Canada::~d therefore is not vligibh for a seat in the Senate of .
1928: CANADA::~PRODUCT OF GENERAL MOTORS OF , LIMITED
1928: Canada::~A total of 122 factories were engaged in the manufacture of tobacco in  in 1926, of which 84 were ;igar and cigarette factories, and 38 ngaged in the production of smoking and chewing tobaccos
1928: Canada::~The old established firm of R. S. Williams & Sons Co., Limited, 145 Yongr Street, Toronto, which made a voluntary assignment some six months ago will, it now seems assured, continue as one of 's leading music stores. Through negotiations which have just been concluded, Messrs. F. A. and B. A. Trrstrailof Toronto have acquired the business and good will and will continue to operate it under the name of the R. S. Williams & Sons Co., Limited. It is understood that the consideration involved is $580,000. A touch of business romance is lent to the transaction by the fact that Mr. B. A Trcstrail, who will assume the Presidency of the new company, is a former employee, having been successively Advertising Manager, Manager of the Piano Department and Manager of Sales and Promotion. Mr. F. A. Trestrall was formerly associated with the Williams Piano Company in Oshawa. Alterations to the store and building are planned that will make it one of the finest and most
1928: Canada::~2381 Dundao St. West Toronto, .
1928: Canada::~Ottawa Citizen (Ub ):  tas tried the policy of government regulation of private radio enteiprlse. It has been falr>y successful so far, but the problem», such as the question
1928: Canada::~simply put on locker tops. The crew when I ducked Into the tube again he  has the greatest experience In winter flying of any county. Hence Commander Byrd came hers
1928: Canada::~....	.	. . ,	. , ,	,	, the best dairying sections of .
1928: Canada::~that  already has more than	Moralized	(he morallzer—"Ah	well	^b'^8 that promptly relieve	the	London, New	York and Paris. Finan-
1928: United States:Canada:~seventy-seven are exclusive In the "Full many a flower Is born to 1,eved at ODce- She wa8 also troubled at least food for thought. There Is  and six in  Also blush unseen” was written before the w,th constipation and nothing seemed always an arguable possibility that there are twelve waves shared in both day of the wild flower vandal.	t0 heIp her 1 had U8ed the Tablets the public at large may at such times
1928: Canada::~per cent.,  has only	8 per cent.,|take 8Uch keen delight in picking	up	keep %aby'8 °wn Tablets In the house,	ciers had missed.	Yet the deduction
1928: Canada::~States at 100 per cent.,  has I "Sbucks! that's nothing. We can	---- A, . "	|yond the bounds of reason.
1928: Canada::~From  the fame of Baby's Own Tablets Is spreading over the world. Mothers recommend them to
1928: and jçiîst milling Industry «~rty In Canada Is placed at $7,466,907,286 according to a recently Issued official compilation. Other taxable valuations are valued at $268,297,533, while the value of property exempt ,a* l®8* to consult the local doctor from taxation Is $1,301,289,196.
1928: Canada::~ton dub. of , Red worth "'Z________________+_______
1928: CANADA::~OF  LIMITED
1928: Canada::~has found it necessary to relinquish his agency with the Sun Life Assurance Company of  which he has successfully carried on for the past six years. Mr. Brough’s resignation, while regretted by the Company, leaves an opening for some young man between the ages of twenty-five and forty, who is honest, ambitious, and a believer in Life Assurance as a medium of providing for dependents and
1928: CANADA::~THE SUN LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY OF ,
1928: ti. t:	t ix ,	„~	I No School In Canada offer* a better
1928: Theatre on Saturday night next—~ Miss Genevieve Hurd, of West- 0fl3ce*"Crawfor<1 Bul,d,ne* near Station* 1 THE mutual life OF CANADA July 7. It is your opportunity to mount, Que., was a week-end and -------- Established eeo
1928: Canada::~(What a crying shame that  —Ontario particularly—does not supply the King’s table with apples. It Is to be hoped the right person sees this, to correct such a condition, when we grow the best apples In tho world. Editor.)
1928: United States:Canada:~ to  commences gradually. By June most of the holiday resorts are open, ready to receive
1928: Dear Sirs,—~I wish to thank you for the handy little booklet you sent me on the Care of Children boy was six weeks old when I first used Baby's Own Tablets, being new to Canada, but since the first proof of their many uses in bringing up a family, I have never been without them, for they are worth their weight In gold. There is no trouble In getting the little ones to take them and they often prevent an illness if taken in
1928: Canada::~250 acres fertile soil in Dundas County, Ontario, 125 under cultivation, balance good bush and pasture. Buildings include frame house, stable and two barns. Rural delivery and telephone, five miles from railway station, three miles from United Church, modern consolidated school and cheese factory. In one of the best clarying sections of . Connected by improved County roods and Provincial Highway with prosperous towns of Kemptville, Chesterville and Winchester, all within ten miles and city oi Ottawa thirty miles. Unusual circumstances necessitates sale of this splendid farm at once. Fair price, reasonable terms and immediate possession.
1928: Canada::A pleasantly varied bill of fare dealing with some more unusual phases of life in ’~s outdoors Features the July issue of Hod and Gnu and Canadian Silver Fox New s which lias just been published. While Ozark Itipley contributes one of his splendid fishing stories, Bonnycastle Dale, in of a recent discussion, this month deals with natural phenomena in Canada which have been mistaken for the fabled sea serpents.
1928: CANADA::~FIRESTONE TIRE & RUBBER CO. OF  LIMITED
1928: Canada::~The project has assumed official It was recently presented to State Department by William Phil-American Minister to . State Department being, of course without authority to take any sort of attitude on the proposition, It was “unofficially”~ brought to the attention of the Chamber of Commerce of the United States.
1928: Canada::~yery satisfactory. The problem of wlllUm ,B,and for record, and rellc8 Minister of Railway when a rote of securing for the native population of of g!r Juhn pranklln's ill-fated expe- >*.&W,000 for the road and terminals 's far northern regions a source (nlton of j845, a eurvey o{ navigatlug came before Parliament. Nelson had of food and clothing to supplement conditions in Franklin Strait and Peel teen originally intended for the ter-that provided by the diminishing wild Sound; Hn examlaatlon of a proposed njinus but last year Churchill was de-Ufo Is a pressing one and the intro- tractor-train route from Wager Day dded upon as the most suitable port ductlon of reindeer herds Is looked on the weflt coagt ot Hudson Bay to on the Bay, and the line would reach upon by the Government as a possible eockburu Bay south of King William there in the fall of 1929. solution.	Island; and a visit to the Magnetic Between 1911 and the end of the
1928: Canada::~resident in . It springs from the belief that it would he the finest e	kind of an Intel American ‘ gesture
1928: Canada::~representative of the Association said I the fiscal year, April and May, show I amount of cash that finds Its way in It presented the most advanced and a decline In exports as compared with | an incessant stream Into , practical example of humane trap- the corresponding months in 1927 ping which had come to their alien- | For the tlon
1928: Canada:usa:~Patrol work forms an important I pected that Major Burwash will compart of the duties of the members of) Pltie his work In the autumn of 1929. the Royal Canadian Mounted Police stationed along 's northern Coast and on the Islands of the Arctic archipelago. During the early spring and summer thonds of miles of territory are covered by the police and their dog teams. The police posts In are Eastern Arctic Sub-District are visited annually by the SS. Beothlc with provisions and supplies. - In the Western Arctic Sub-District, the com
1928: Canada::~two months lawt year, the States Chamber of Commerce, accord-total of domestic exports was $187,- ing to word sent to , will bo
1928: Canada::~the posts. The result is that It often Lord Oxord left $1,500 besides his	 will be urged at the 28th an-	swindlers. . . .	Fake oil companies in	1000 new Iaws on the statute books.)
1928: Canada::~Herschel, the most westerly post of large sums by her hooks and maga- [such a road. It is estimated that the . There are men who do no- I>r<K)f ,a thflt lawlessnes In the Uni-	heartening for the convalesc-
1928: Canada::~c? great activity in the northwest Territories of . In the vast regions ‘‘north of Sixty" administered by the Department of the Interior exploratory and investigatory surveys will be carried on by officials of the North West Territories and Yukon branch, and the annual patrol will be made by the 88. Beotlilc. The members of the Royal Canadian Mounted
1928: «~ growth of Canada.
1928: Canada::~occasion for panic If a Canadian displays his love for .
1928: Canada::~The Dominion Fuel Board since Its inception has conducted exhaustive studies with a view to making  independent in the consumption of fuel, with the result that Pennsylvania anthracite Is being displaced by other fuels In Ontario and Quebec to the extent of 1,500.000 tons a year. Another beneficial feature is that a variety of fuels has established competition In the markets of domestic fuel supplies.
1928: Canada::~The range of thp Western cgdar in  Is confined to the province of British Columbia. More shingles are hief made from the Western cedar than from any other species. Over 2,600,-
1928: Canada::~past week.	No School in  offers a better
1928: Canada::~dicatlon of the Emperor by peaceful Idea	Of Lire	m India,	tries of , the total capital em-	fuel|| ïront progress Is being made:	half-hour periods. In other words, the
1928: which will be the most striking tea- JXred .h^ lt wa»~ a faithful repre- Prevailed for a number of Canada's *,pluu having Increased from $2.900.-1
1928: Canada::~In salaries and wages. 's mln-In the mining Itself remarkable tog enterprises are spread from coast la shown, especially when to coast, every province taking part
1928: Canada::~Le  (Lib.): It 1» reasonable
1928: canada::~Product of general motors of , lxmithqJ
1928: CANADA::~FIRESTONE TIRE & RUBBER CO. OF , LIMITED
1928: rejoice with all our hearts If, H»~M*> to the Influence of the new leader of the Opposition In Canada, the wretched conflict which bas too frequently been the result In this country of the excessive and unreasonable pretensions <>f certain Anglo-Saxon group#* should disappear The latter try to Justify their supremacy by treating in a cavalier manner the most legitimate rights and aspirations ef those who In reality are not only their fellow-citizens, but were also the first to volunteer for the great national task.
1928: Canada::~No School In  offers % better training, or ensures a more successful future. Henry’s lead# all others, and ranks among employers as '* The School f	¦ .	. . .	, or Hicihkr Efficiency a fact borne
1928: CANADA::~TNE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 86»
1928: Canada::~point is made that there are 4,300 self-governing communities in  with 60,000 officials engaged in conducting the affajns of these many cities, towns and villages. It comes as a surprise that there are so many individual urban and rural communities and there is undoubtedly great credit due to the editor, Mr. H. Wisely Bragg, for the excellent manner in which this vast amount of material has been collected together, and so carefully classified.
1928: It is interesting to note that this Municipal Year Book, is to be followed up by the publication, in about ed up by the publication, in about four months time, of a new work entitled “Municipal Who’~s Who In Canada,” which will be an interesting biographical book of reference, profusely illustrated, and constantly made use of in every busy newspaper office.
1928: turere Building to Ptenlets, demonstrating the superior tone quallt ee of t»~w very Interesting variety of Melntzmen Pianos which have been for the greater part of a century sold all over Canada ae well aa In other countries.
1928: Canada::~Sheet Muele Department In .
1928: Canada::~weeks in . The day of their ranged in connection with the recent	-
1928: the HoMinger mina Thence to Mi- victoria, B.C.—~"Canada # crop wlH ttnd took off my clothes, placing them ^ by foreign interference.
1928: Canada::~down their fruit buds for next season's) jce Cream Sundaes of all kinds, crop. From Sept. 1 to 15 seems to be the most active i>eriod of fruit bud for uistion for eastern  and field trials have given us our greatest results at this time when fertilizers have been used. An application of fertilizer, made to the plantation about September 1, will be amply repaid in increased I “ production next season. As research | tl work at Ottawa is demonstrating the vaine of proportions between the mineral elements of the soil and nitrogen, it would appear advisable to use a complete fertilizer rather than nitrogen *k)ue, unless it is known for certain that the soil is well stocked with the mineral elements. Such a complete fertilizer may consist of the following :
1928: Canada::~The bulk of these purchases consisted ^ tractors and harvesting apparatus. I During the month of July,-more than 1800 tractors were shipped to , | of which 1422 were wheel tractors of from 15 to32 horse power. Other large items among the Canadian purchases ¦were 3,945 harvesters and binders, 914 combines and 552 threshers.
1928: CANADA::~PRODUCT OF GENERAL MOTORS OF , LIMITED
1928: Canada::~According to the express agent, they were given to him from the running-board of a tourist's motor car bearing Georgia license plates, claimed that he had been misinformed aa to conditions to be met with fan  and especially in Quebec during the summer months.
1928: United States:Canada:~string of lakes that mark the boundary at that point between the  and . Two Congressional parties, one from the House and New Orleans Times-Picayune: Hoo-from the 'Senate, will visit the ver may lose some of the language region this summer to Inspect the mug- purists of his following. He announces gested park area and report on the that he has chosen Good as his West-proposed legislation now before Con- ern manager. Any Bostonian would
1928: Canada::~Western 's crop, which present	|
1928: Canada::~! to come from Eastern , British Scottish Musical Festival at Banff, g WÊÊÊÊÊBÊÊÊKÊKÊÊÊ~^M Columbia and the United States. To Alberta, to be held from August 31 take care of the movement of those | to September 3. desirous of going to work ln the harvest fields the Canadian railways are . offering specially reduced rates on special trains leaving the pr^cipal, London —Sir Austen Chamberlain
1928: 'and 31st. Return tickets after «~the cAnaj| u ig announced. He is harvest are also offered at a low rate.| reC0vering from a mild attdcl of pneu-Thls year Canada has about 24,000,000 acres sown to wheat, the record acreage, about 1,600,000 acres more than ln 1927. Given a period of good weather In the next two weeks Canada expects this year to reap a record
1928: Canada::~ada imports from this country has also been on the decrease, the reports state, this being due mainly to increased production in .
1928: Canada::~No School In  offers a better training, or ensures a more successful future. Henry’s leads all others, and
1928: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 860
1928: Blaine, Wash.—~Rum runners and ' smuggler# will encounter even more difficulty crossing the border between Canada and the United States. A of woodsmen Is at work clearing
1928: CANADA::~SIMONDS  SAW CO., LIMITED,
1928: COLMAN »~ KEEN (Canada) Limited
1928: Canada::~South Polar Expedition he, naturally, thought of  and it was to the „ % ^ienttoToveUip
1928: CANADA::~PRODUCT OF GENERAL MOTORS OF , LIMITED
1928: Canada::~Head Ofbick for  :	Montreal
1928: Quebec—~There is every indication that western Canada may produce the greatest wheat crop In her history.
1928: Canada::~western  could never have made any progress without it, and no farm in the territory is to bo found without at least one of them. A laborsaving device introduced into this corn-system of harvesting was the
1928: ILL THE MOVER—~PIONBEK DISTANCE movers of Canada. Largest e peed y padded van# New Equipment latest methods. Two experienced men every trip. All loads Insured. Beyond compare for skill and care. Before you write ue or wire and reverse the a Head offlca Hamilton. Ontarl* Canada, hill the Mover
1928: Among the many, many mothers who are anxious to tell of their experience with Baby's Own Tablets Is Mrs. Griffith, of East Hamilton, Ont, who writes:—~"Shortly after coming to Canada I began giving the Tablets to my baby boy who was then six weeks old. The result was so pleasing that since that time I have always kept the Tablets in the house. I have two children now and both of them are the picture of health. Baby's Own Tablets are the only medicine they have ever had and I really believe the Tablets to be worth their weight In gold."
1928: Canada::~proven remarkably throughout  during the past ten years. Used and endorsed by many prominent physicians.
1928: Canada::~No School In  offers a belt training, or ensures a more ancccsafui future. Henry's leads all others, and ranks among employers as ‘4 The School or Hiohkii Efficiency”—a fact borne out by more than flOO pupils who have, since January, 1913, left other Ottawa schools to come to It. *
1928: Canada::~Head Ofeice for  :	Montreal
1928: The paper mentions Mackenzie King’~s own career as an example to every young man In Britain of the opportunities to be found In Canada.
1928: England::~Arithmeticians In  are criticizing the Government’~s temporary transfer oL unemployed workers to Canada for the harvesting, putting the case this way: The fare outward warn about $60, of which the Government paid $25, lending a further $60 if needed, as it usually was. The fare back Is $60, on condition "that a man has labored thirty days at harvesting and returns before Dec. 31."
1928: As the farm wage is between $15 and $26 a week and keep—the lesser sum for the Inexperienced—~and as the harvest season lasts but eight weeks, the earnings would be some $120, or "barely enough to cover the obligations" for the return journey. If the worker spends even $10 in Canada. "That means," complains the Manchester Guardian, "that If men afford to return to England at all they will arrive penniless," only able to say "Thanks for the buggy ride."
1928: Canada:Canada:~a constitution for India, he would, I am sure, not dream of going to  or Australia for guidance. He would, I think, compare India not with Australia or , but with Europe, and begin by ashing how he could avoid the repetition in India of the troubles that have afflicted Europe. That, It seems to me, Is one of the first questions which the Indian who Is thinking of Dominion Home Rule ' most put to himself. With all its shortcomings and limitations, the British Government has at least helped the nations of India to become om* people, saved them from the internecine wars and struggles which have • afflicted Europe, and for, à century or more kept the peace over almost the wildest area In which it has been kept in that period of the world's
1928: Canada::~No School In  offers a better training, or ensure? a more successful future. Henry's leads all others, and ranks among employers as " The Sc hooi,
1928: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 869
1928: not to answer absurd questions.”~ ' away on these wretched expeditions, eye missing and a mouth slit at eithei	|ho epeed record at Daytona Heat h. |	BOUrceR	sh0We	that Canada	Instead of |
1928: Canada::~Ranking second to agriculture In value of products, the forest industries loom large in 's economic structure. The growth of pulp and paper production In recent years has been rapid and spectacular and since 1926 the Dominion has been the world's greatest newsprint producer. The erection of new mills and additions to present producers Indicate that the Dominion's total will be further increased In the Immediate fu-
1928: Canada::~The development of 's water power resources continues apace. Notwithstanding the gigantic undertakings which have been completed in recent years new projjects are adding to thy total Installations year by year.
1928: Canada::~Ottawa, . — Another victory In the war against insect pesta is claimed by the Entomological Branch of the Canadian Federal Department of Agriculture. The location of the latest victory is the prairie provinces —~Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta. Recent official reports state that there is just now a general freedom from insect pests in Western Canada. Grasshoppers which, in former years, have done a share of damage to the crops, have been found scarce this The red backed cut worm
1928: Canada::~The scenes of battles in this war Write your name and address plain- are not limited to Western , ly, giving number and size of such foUt extend throughout the Dominion, patterns as you want. Enclose 20c in There have been engagements with stamps or coin (coin preferred; wrap the peach moth, with the corn borer it carefully) for each number and an<i with insect pests of many varte-! addre ss your order to Wilson Pattern ties. No quarter is given by the Service, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Scientists In the fight. It is a war Patterns sent by return moil.	which the Kellogg Treaty does not af-
1928: ed at (Jaspe Bay, whence thêy sailed angel and Murmansk. In January, them, the ones with the women and Are more than armies to procure jbIe. (heir gentleness perennial, facilitate commercial intercourse b«~^ on Oct. 3 with a naval escort pro- 1919, a force organized in Canada children were crashed, and another	success. ^	--Dryden. (heir forbearance] unbounded:	and
1928: England:France:~recruited In Canada and passed on to . The Second Caandlan Dl-, vision was organized and proceeded, to  In September, 1915, and together with the First Division formed the Canadian Corps. The of character
1928: Canada::~A thankful heart Is not only the greatest virtue, but the parent of all ultlag le  was for three the other virtues. Cicero.
1928: Canada::~manufactured at home,  is fol lowing a bent whit'll leads to destruc
1928: Canada::~It is a cheering sign of the times for Mrs Cowan had resided in the Ottawa  that a citizen in his position Villey nearly all her life and had a host prefers to give himself up to such acti- of friends at Alexandria, where she had vities rather than to those that appeal lived for several years. She is survived to the majority of men of wealth. He by her husband, one son, Jack ; one regards his material success as involv- daughter, Miss Isobel Cowan, of New ing responsibilities to the country in York, and three brothers and four which he has won it, and too few Cana-1 ters. dians, placed as be is, have adopted that attitude.
1928: Canada::~Head Ofeice for  : Montreal
1928: Canada::~the Empli'e from any other Do** In* Ion.  might eonrvhredly Icare lho Umpire without bringing down the rest of the fabric. The secession of South Africa would cut* in half our only assured line of com-until recently Secretary of State for mimicatl<m with India. Australasia India, was sharply critical of the Arm- and the Far East. South Africa Is latlce Day speech of President Cool thç ..cI#|(p of lhe lmjter,ai girdle/’
1928: Canada::~Assam teas BPS known by pointed out, are produced In , symptoms; to do so means danger experts as th# finest teas principally in Ontario where bladder (The girl In her teens cannot develop grown—a fact which explains	campion has become widely diatrl-	into robust womanhood without an
1928: Canada::~popular In . For Red	KrRde No- L about 86 per cent, of the	is the great (rouble with nine girls
1928: wliiAi	€~ is ji 1	nated rejected and prohibited from	their remarkable blood-making prop. j	sale In Canada. This means that a	erties. In these pills there is vigor-
1928: Canada::~mand in  is principally for	ment of Mrs. Wlnnlfred Rutty, Bar-
1928: Canada::~lleuutlful Hand-Coloured Christmas Cards designed by  s Leading Artists. Twelve especially attractive Cards with charming snd appropriate sentiments may be purchased at a considerable saving In boxed assortments at 60c, $1.00, and $1.60.
1928: Canada::~1915,  with its yearly lncreas-	--------o--------
1929: Canada::~horses.	Mrs. Andrew Hudgins i# visiting No School In  offers a better
1929: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 609 ,
1929: Canada::~" as a whole has enjoyed n«oce
1929: Canada::~tlonal wealth are widening. The con- j '» business activities.	/I
1929: Canada::~tlal proportion of ready reserves or1 "Compare this tourist trade of $276.-qulck asset#. No funds, however, are 000,000 with some other sources of the ever transferred to New York or Lon- country's revenue. Thus, the value of don to be loaned on call until every 's wheat exports In 1617 was legitimate need of our own country has $148,000,000; of our mineral production, been carefully examined and. if at all $246,000,000; of the output of our pulp possible, compiled with. Our loans and paper mille, $220.000.000. Evidently there have been less than they were ithe tourist trade haa become a Cunadlai a year ago."	| business Interest of high Importance.
1929: quarries of the Emperor Diocletian on û~g one^0f the finest structures in the the Dalmatian coast are now yielding worl(j stone for the great memorial which Canada Is building on Vimy Ridge.
1929: Canada::~disappearance of many small bust- aft*? his abdication and In which he . Standing at the front of the main nesses and a diminution in the inde- died.	platform is  In the form of s
1929: Canada::~Recreation in the Open in  at This Season is He-ilthful
1929: is being pursued. Experiments are being carried on in the hope of finding treatments of the growing crop that will in some sense reduce the losses that occur in seasons favorable to rust development. In a new bulletin on the ubject, numbered 106, and entitled “~Stem Rust in Western Canada,” published by the Dept, of Agriculture^ it is shown that dusting the crop with sulphur offers a promising method of controlling rust. Field results for the past three years, it is stated, have demonstrated beyond question that the method is effective even under severe epidemic conditions. The work described by the author, Dr. D. L. Bailey, formerly in charge of the Rust Research laboratory at Winnipeg, has been largely confined to small plots. The crop on plots treated in 1926 yielded 66 bushels to the acre as against 15 bushels
1929: Canada::~sports time In . At this he* outdoor play Idea bad gone far to
1929: Canada:Canada:~their thousands of devotees, wboj  has always been noted for thus refresh mind and body in the her winter sports and these have crisp, Invigorating air. Gradually such a wide range that people of both the gospel of recreation In tbe open sexes and of almost all ages can take spaces Is spreading to less favored part in at least one of them with climes and each year sees growing benefit and enjoyment. Hockey Is a numbers coming to  for enjoy- fast, strenuous game that Is played
1929: Canada::~Moles frequently become serious pests in gardens, lawns, and small fuit plantations. The injury to gardens is chiefly caueod by the surface tunnels they made directly beneath the rows of seeds or young plants. In strawberry patches the tunnelling under the plants breaks many of the small feeder roots and leave air pockets beneath the plants which cut off moisture and prevent the roots from functioning properly. Contrary to current belief moles are active at all seasons of the year in such climates as permit of their activity during the winter season. Moiee are common to all parts of  but they appear to be more plentiful in the Province of British Colombia. At the Agassiz Experimental Farm in that province different ways of controlling them have been tried. These are described in Circular No. 67 of the Dept of Agriculture, Ottawa, which recommends trapping and shows the type jf trap that has been found to work well. The trap is of simple construction and easily manipulated.
1929: Canada::~centres of population In  and In them there are develops 1 some of the most graceful skaters In the world.
1929: Canada::~big black bear that used to come to'gtrafn of modem life make It import- Ing, skiing, and tobogganing can be the back door of the mess house when an^ (bat people play outdoors and the as strenuous or as leisurely as the the cook called. The cook used to need for ^ u greater In winter participant desires. Ice-boating Is give Betsy a pail full of scrape with (ban In summer. Steam-heated also a popular diversion in parts of the admonition to 'bring the pail bouses, offices, and schools; travel  where the peculiar conditions world is a bear with a bottle of sy-	back/ Half an hour later, IMsy	,n crow<jed trains and cars; and the	required prevail. Dog-team racing
1929: Canada::~and utensils are	well sterlised	and	' Dept, of Agriculture. Ottawa, deals	from a camp and actually found the Combination salad a la bruin Is	 ^ winter lt hM the added	! need be served before the participant
1929: Canada::~whole of , has felt the need of 0f Egypt, King Amanuliah and Imam some oversight of the hatchery in- y$hia* King of Yemen. King Fuad dustry and their executive committee ba8 already declined the honor and has co-operated with officials of the imam Yehia has never given indicative Stock Branch in preparing a j that he would accept it. workable plan. The policy to be	.	'	-	. D .	.
1929: Canada::~A gratifying characteristic of winter sports in  is that they all
1929: Canada::~has been in the Assembly before. He an evident sense of the honor that	, i 1	One 14 horse power Waterloo Engine,
1929: Canada::~Head Ofeice for  : Montreal
1929: Canada::~Progress In the development 's resources during the twen-
1929: three-quarters »~f Canada's exports, est kind of impetus to the Domln* Until recent years the United King- Ion's economic expansion. The huge dom was regularly our heaviest eus- buying power of the British market tomer, but latterly the United States has been the dominant commercial has assumed that role. The accom-i factor supporting the development of panylng diagram Is based upon flg- our food producing resources, while ures issued by the Department of the United States market has played a Trade and Commerce for the year similarly striking role In other fields, ending March, 1927, and in that year With these two giant forces-the 27.2 per cent, of our total sales two greatest buying powers in the abroad went to the United States ! world—~combining in such a remark-and 86.7 per cent, to the United able manner to draw upon Canada'»
1929: ¦~	ing Cookery. Dressmaking, Laun- Good log house, stable and hay shed. The U. 8. Minister to Canada. Hon. Paris. The former ambulances have
1929: Canada::~No School In  offers a better training, or ensures a more successful future. Henry’s leads all others, |	1
1929: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 86D
1929: Canada::~A study of 's past year and the progress our country has made cannot but gratifying to any patriotic citizen. Whether our lot Is cast In city, town, village or farm we must directly and ludirectly benefit by our country's steady advance along the highway of nationhood.
1929: Canada::~Le  (Lib )
1929: Canada:United States:~to , the Douks are the most un- Norway Bay is advertised from coast | tjme before the 1st of April next, reasonable and hard to put up with, and in the . The motor and it was indeed a gross blunder that routes reaching it have been commend-
1929: United States:Canada:~The 1928 output of automobiles in the United States (factory sales) was 4,357,384, the largest in the history of the Industry, according to the U S. Department of Commerce, and the same is true of Canadian production, which was 242,382 cars. The totals, by years, for the  and  were given by tho Department as follows: —
1929: Canada::~Head Ofeice roa  ; Montreal
1929: Canada::~No School In  offers % bettor training, or ensures a more successful
1929: CANADA::~- TUI MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 860
1929: England:Canada:~in Leeds, , during the pe*t| The net debt of  at the end of
1929: Canada::~This year, as never before, we have combed 's Fur Markets, procuring truly amazing values, having purchased our Furs from trappers, which means a saving of 30 to 50 per cent was obtained over what the same Coats would cost now.
1929: luring, also on sundry articles not pro- and who have small liking for Hay- „~ known by tho formidable name of duced in Canada. These revisions are tlans. “They arc devil - worshippers in the public interest.	—not Christian," say the brown
1929: Canada::~Head Ofeice for  : Montreal
1929: Canada::~All these nature planned on the druggists of  as “Buckley e mountain; It was man that planted Cough Mixture Week." the woods, lu some places, as # seems ^ This week to me, especially as seen from below, ( iteggfl |	|	I I
1929: Canada::~too exclusively coniferous; but It was  and the Provincial Boards of a Government	therefore uie Retail
1929: keep at hand the means of aiding for young settlers, rather than among their little ones when sickness comes (&+ distressed areas where hundreds suddenly—as It generally does In the i*ds are on the unemployed régis-case df children. In every home where ,ter, and where the apathy towards op-thç~re are infants and young children portunitiee for a new start in life in Baby's Own Tablets should be found. Canada has been very marked.
1929: Canada::~) It Is among the boys of the .more prosperous areas of Great Britain, where many of these lads hold good jobs, that the keenest interest Is t shown in  and its opportunities
1929: Port Arthur, Oat., Feb. 95.—~More than 100 men are employed 56 miles east of here taking out piles for the new Government elevator and harbor improvements at Prescott, Ont. The contract for this work is the largest of its kind ever given in Canada. More than two million feet of lumber is represented in the contract and in wages, freight, etc., an expenditure of $250,-
1929: Canada::~At a cost of three quarters of a million of dollars, the  Cement Co., of Wright ville, are constructing a cement kiln which will be the largest in the Empire. It will be 365 feet long and will take the place of 10 smaller kilns now in use. The kiln is made of 1 inch thick shell steel and is now arriving from Pennsylvania in 34-foot sections.
1929: Canada::~No School In  offers a better training, or ensure» a more successful future. Henry's leads all others, and
1929: CANADA::~TNI MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established MB
1929: Canada::~And we stand behind the  Brand
1929: Canada::~Heltner intends remaining in  for some weeks.	7
1929: United States:Canada:~Appalachians and the lower Missis- wed although it is not as early as sippl basin. Hickory Is a native of tb? Arst-naraed. Some of the spin-the  and  and aches after cutting will grow up again the wood is move suitable than others an :|f"njis^ R M OM(i crop, but the for the handles of tools. Appro*!- ****** of these is not equal to the
1929: Canada:United States:~One of the first duties of the Geodetic Survey was the running of a network of points across  In the proximity of the International Boundary. In this It co-operated with the  Coast and Geodetic Survey ,and now a geodetic net extends along the border from the Atlantic to the Pacific and up the British Columbia coast to the southern bound-
1929: are the direct result of »~ clogged take part, should be in the hands of Employment in Canada on Feb. 1, condition of the bowels or a sour Irakis.	1929 wa8 better than on that date in
1929: Canada::~rw ARREU HOCK COCKKKKIJ S'HOM |> qualified Record of Performance and Registered Breeders.  s oldest high layln* strain. Un pedigreed. IS, $4: Pedigreed. S6. $6 25 years a breeder. Hatching Egg Chirks. Clark Cedar Row Farm. Calnsvllle Ont
1929: Canada:Canada:~ment was rapidly proceeding and railway, mining and water power enterprises were entering new areas. This increased the demand for Important data as to latitudes, longitudes, and altitudes which It Is the function of the Geodetic Survey of Canada to furnish. In laying out the program of work* these developments were fully considered and surveying was done In different parts of  to meet the most urgent demanda. A bird's-eye view of the operations of the past few seasons those immediately in hand is instructive as Very rapid increase has taken j showing that many names which oc-place In the number of  geese cur in the Geodetic Survey program In the Vaseaux Lake bird sanctuary, are those to which the eyes of the British Columbia, since this area was country are directed by reason of deset aside for this purpose in 1923. In velopments now proceeding.
1929: Canada::~Last week witnessed the passing of two notable figures in the public life of  Sir Hugh* John ' Macdonald and Sir Lomer Oouin.
1929: Canada:Canada:~Sir Hugh John was the only son of the late Sir John A. Macdonald, first Premier of . He had a prominent place in the public affairs of  for many years, starting off with election to the House of Commons. He was a member of the Tapper administration
1929: Canada::~grade of immigrant to reach , more of these rubber trees.
1929: Canada::~dian Creamery Association of , i pahlevi hat will be compulsory. It	vs.	with 10-room brick dwelling house;
1929: Canada::~Ice Cream Association, Eastern  is a peaked affair made of cardboard	JOSEPH D. ST. PIERRE, formerly	&*** stable, woodshed	and	hen h
1929: Canada::~Head Ofjuce for  ; Montreal
1929: Canada::~than a year, sects have been sent out In response to requests from , New Zealand, Australia, South Africa, Kenya, the Falkland Islands, and different
1929: Canada::~The variety of 's mineral deposits, the large scale on which operations are conducted, and the great extent of its mining lands, make it evident that the Dominion is a country of great mineral possibilities, that it Is undergoing rapid development, and that it offers an attractive field for exploration and development companies.
1929: Canada::~The Scope of  s Mineral Field
1929: Canada::~said that 's mining field likewise lies largely In 'diversity’—in the fundamental fact that Nature has invested the Dominion with mineral assets which, In variety.
1929: Canada::~intensive prospecting. A major portion of  has so far been subjected only to cursory study, but even so, ample information has been gained as to the potential mineral wealth of the less known regions of the country to confirm the Canadian mining ] touches of spring aren't a marker to industry In Its title to am ample field the touches of the Christmas season tor further development»	*—Chicago Post.
1929: Canada::~Will 's potential forest a few days previously when he and game wealth be shockingly was kicked by a horse. Giroux depleted from forest fires this was taking liny to the horses when year, as in 1923 ?	- the accident occurred. He noticed
1929: United States:Canada:~ investmei  in 1928 totalled $4,12 000 as compared with $3,96801
1929: Canada::~sure was of a drastic character in regard	One Red Rose as Rent.	Bank of  stand In eleventh those of other banks are from the
1929: Canada::~land did not think  should be | >f June in each year.”	fifth places are Lloyd's Bank. $1,-
1929: Canada::~Head Ofeice for  ; Montreal
1929: Canada::~luAlness In Force 2n  Now Totals $6,000.000,000— Billion Bought In 1928.
1929: Canada::~Nearly a billion dollars' worth of >aid-for life insurance was written in  only during 1928, says the financial Post. The figure of $918,-fOO.OOO war. $80,200,000 in excess of hat for 1927. Of this amount, $635,->16,000 was ordinary life, $176,463,-)00 was industrial and $58,713,000 vas group insurance. These figures •~ombine the business in Canada of ill life insurance companies.
1929: Canada::~Canadian life companies issued In  and elsewhere during 1928, i total net amount of paid-for business of $1,082,580,000 during the >ast year. 'In 1927, these companies ssued over $800,000,000 and this /ear's total is 11.6 per cent, above he former figures.
1929: Canada::~The amount issued in  in ip id-up life business was $607,274,-)00 which was 11.6 per cent, in ex-jesa of the 1927 figures of around .*>544,152,000. The total issued out-;ide the Dominion by Canadian companies was 33.6 per cent, greater in 1028 than in 1927., The past year's igures were $475,306,000 gs against $355,768,000 for the previous corresponding period.
1929: “~Young Ambaissdore" Party were amongst recent arrivals, at Halifax, of juvenile Britons coming to Canada for farm work.
1929: Canada::~One man died, falling under the bom- La Presse (hid.): (The new Araerl bardment. but all of their might have can immigration law will compel a been hit by the shells. Are the Uni- greftt number of Canadians to return ted States going to renew the exploits to .)
1929: Italy:Poland:~oft (Ind.): Economic imperialism Is a new factor in the world. The old type of Imperialism, that of Alexander, of Caesar and of Napole wai of a warlike description; the American type of Imperialism I# pracl flc, without ever ceasing to be strongly armed. In the first case It was political conqueats and displacements of all allegiances; in the second it le only economic -conquests which usually occur without political reactljue, but which may pave the way for new territorial boundaries. We In Canada know something of this. We are more and more penetrated by the American dollar. American investment! in our country are calculated at four billion dollars. And the annual growth Is exceedingly rapid. In 1S10 American capital invested abroad did not exceed 600 million dollars; whilst to-day It Is estimated that It amounts to 30,000 millions. China and South America are, with us, the countries most invaded by this spirit of economic conquest. In Germany, , , great Industrial firms which have become American properties are already very numerous.
1929: Ks6T EQUIPMENT, LATEST METH-JL> UD9, uniform return load prices. Ail good»~ Insured. We move you when you want to move. Make your enquiries now. Pioneer distance movers. Agent# In principal cities of eastern Stales and Canada. Hill The Mover. Hamilton and Toronto.	_____
1929: Canada::~No School In  offers a better training, or ensures a more successful future. Henry** leads all others, and rank* among employer* a* “The School “ Ottawa’s Greatest School of
1929: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 1800
1929: Canada::~|  Rich In Game Sanctuaries
1929: Ottawa—~Profiting by the fate of the dodo and the passenger pigeon and by the lesson of its own fore sight In saving the last remnant of American bison, Canada Is taking every care to insure the perpetuation of all wild game within its borders. Government has already set aside over 11,000 square miles of the finest wilderness as game reserves where, under the protecting eye of the law, the furred and feathered Inhabitants may exist un menaced by the onward march of civilization.
1929: Canada::~hill is of opinion that  could well	tbe 1>art of thc «""I*"*
1929: Canada::~In voicing his opposition to the item Mr. Cahill took the ground that  is an attractive country, and people should not require any financial assistance in coining here to settle—~in other words, the immigrants Canada wants are not of that class who !_ for or need assistance — young, vigorous people, who are not afraid to face conditions to be met with in a new country. Mr. Cahill may not be very far astray in liis conclusions.
1929: Canada::~It would seem that greater attention should be given to a vigorous campaign of repatriation, to win back the thou sands of our own Canadians who have gone from our shores to find employment in the neighboring republic. This, however, would necessariy be the complement of a sane national policy which at this time is 's most urgent need.
1929: Canada::~Head Opeice for  : Montreal
1929: Canada::~Favors  for Dutch Immigrants
1929: Canada::~his firm has In .
1929: Holland:Canada:~they have been for many years. There is little unemployment in  just now" the industries and agriculture giving work to all. Our foreign trade is developing rapidly,  being one of our best customers for some of our products.
1929: Canada::~legal firm of Wright Si Dowd will PERSONAL MENTION	No School in  offers a better
1929: Canada::~The Clan MacLeod arrived In  recently by the Canadian Pacific liner “Metagama”—at least if it wasn't the whole clan, it seemed like a large proportion, Donald, his brother Kenneth and his son Allan were lenders of the family groups under Donald’s command. Including grandchildren the party, which Is bound en bloc for Centreville, Ont., numbered twenty-four ranging In age from forty-five years to six months. They had twenty-one pieces of baggage weighing 3,000 pounds.
1929: Canada::~Camp Supplies. The Blggeei and Finest Beer Issued in .
1929: Canada::~Made in Hamilton, , by
1929: Canada::~Firestone Tire & Rubber Co. of , Limited
1929: Canada:Canada:~hardly be believed, outside , how separate in education Frenchspeaking and English-speaking  have remained, and how Ignorant of the other's schools each part is at the present day. Even within the P ovlnce of Quebec itself most English speaking people—unless it he the Brazilian farm life to be shokn in all lawyers, whose practice of French Ae Japanese villages in the conces-
1929: Toronto, June 24.—~Word of another consolidation of dairies in the Dominion is contained in the announcement of the organization of Dairy Corporation of Canada, Limited, with an Ontario charter. The new company will act as a holding company and has been formed for the purpose of acquiring and operating dairies in Canada. W bile Dairy Corporation will start out in control of Edmonton City Dairy Co. Ltd., having as subsidiaries E. V. D. Co., and \Nood-lands Dairy and Montreal Dairy Co., it is understood other units both in the East and West will be added at a later J. A. Guilder, Toronto, is to be
1929: Canada::~Assets Exceed $85,000,000 Head Okeice kok  ; Montreal
1929: Canada::~In line with the season of the year, the July issue of Rod and Gun and Canadian Silvei Fox News, 's national outdoor magazine, is devoted largely to the fishing and camping interests
1929: Canada::~No School In  offers » better training, or ensures a more eucceaeftil future. Henry's leads all others, and ranks among employers as " The School or Higher Efficirkct “—a fact borne out by more than flOO pupil" who have. ul ¦	J L since January, 1918, left other Ottawa
1929: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL UFE OF  Established 180®
1929: Canada::~The gifto were presented bub- .	informative style, particularly
1929: Canada::~Le  (Lib.): The Province of Quebec ham never been Jealous of Its misters; on the contrary, It has enthusiastically supported them, knowing that the country as a whole will benefit thereby.
1929: Canada::~Spirit of Retaliation Growing in  Against U S. Attitude in Trade T rcaties
1929: I prestige throughout the country. There Is no strong untl•~commercial feeling in the Dominion, but there is and always has been, an extreme sensitiveness to any policy of greed and big brother pomposity on the part of Canada's nearest neighbor.
1929: Canada::~According to reports from the West, harvesters from Eastern  will not be required this year, owing chiefly to the crop shortage. The fact, no doubt, will be a disappointment to those who looked forward for many seasons past to the annual excursions as somewhat of the nature of a holiday, to get away for a time from the old home farm, the duties in connection with which not infrequently suffered in consequence.
1929: Canada::~The province of Quebec appears to from various merchants, or from offer opportunities to the prospector branches of the Rank of Nova Scotia, which are not surpassed by any other but will not be on sale after the opening province in . However, prospectors find it possible to carry on their work in other provinces without acreage tax of any kind during the pc riod within which they perform their assessment work, it appears only natural that they will seek to avoid a province where a tax of 50 cents an acre is
1929: Canada::~required from Eastern  to bar- tribesman has two spirits. One dhs iueen Victoria Used to Bring Food about 85 cleared Situated in the sec-vest this year’s crop in the West in view with the body while the other re-	to Milkman at Six o'clock	0nd range of the Township of Bristol,
1929: Canada::~Directors of the Central  Ex- ‘ported, while directing on December adoring milk-boy.	turning point in their destinies
1929: Canada:Canada:~from Eistern  this year. The whole situation of the harvest will be taken care of by labor available in Western .”
1929: It is most unlikely that the expend!- borrowing and without Impoverishing Is not only for the rich and Ricat. >car—~ os \c r 8 81	^	. fh ness with Canada, The time for war of 1870, but they were never des-
1929: Canada::~No School In  offers » better training, or ensure*» a more successful future. Henry'» lead* all other*, and rank* among employer» a* " The School otr HIGHER Kffi< iikct”—a fact borne out by more than flOO pupil» who have, since January, 1913, left other Ottawa schools to come to It.
1929: Canada::~Viice meeting	of its kind in		Spee(iyi	graceful	racing	craft	from
1929: Canada:United States:~Krle In  and the 
1929: Canada::~meeting In  this
1929: CANADA::~JONES BROS, or . LIMITED tom-tom, chimes, gong, fire bell, lire Uay .<The Agricultural Development trotters owned, foaled and trained
1929: 29-31 ADELAIDE ST._____________ siren, etc.	r Of a Nation.-’~	I in Canada: Purse. $3.000 and Silver
1929: Canada:United States:~ily invasion of  hv the pursuit squadron of the  Air Force from Selfridge Field HHHZ H and "acrobatics".. .«turning, formation flights. Aeroplanes, sea planes and amphibians in a thrilling, impressive epic of tl>e sir, vividly portraying the amazing advance of aviation.
1929: out” from 1< ng range. WIÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊ was staged over one-half of the championship course where the competition for the Prince of Wales Trophy will be staged In the "Canadian Golfer”~ ttur of Canada, starting • from Toronto August 12.	^
1929: Canada::~Enter hen Salts Is obtainable at drug and department stores in  at 75c. a bottle. A bottle contains enough to last for 4 or 6 tbs—good health for Laif-a-ceut a day.
1929: Mr. W. T. McDowell and family de-Hon. Senator John D. Reid, who I sire The Equity to convey an exprè~s-died at iiis home in Prescott on j sion of their sincere thanks to neighbors Monday, was for many years pro- and friends for kindness aud sympathy. minent m public life in Canada, shown to them in their recent sudden v Ho was a member ot Parliament bereavement	¦	1
1929: Canada::~No School In  offer» a better training, or ensure* a more nucctssful ¦	¦	¦¦	\.##. Henry's lead# all others, and
1929: CANADA::~THE MUTUAL LIFE OF  Established 1869
1929: Canada:United States:~In November this herd, secured by  from the  herds In Alaska, will begin a trek which will take 18 months and will land the animals, In 1931, on the Arctic coast east of the Mackenzie Hiver.
1929: United States:Canada:~From a herd of 1,280 Siberian reindeer, brought Into Alaska at a cost of $300,000, the  has developed n stock of h million animals. , It is believed, can duplicate that.
1929: Glasgow Herald (Cons.): deal of misunderstanding of the l)o- gently, minion position In this matter Is due‘dent, that's all. to the fact that many people at home fail to take account of the rise of overseas manufacturing interests. They persist in viewing the “new”~ countries as almost exclusively oeupied In primary production. They fail to so Sydney for sheep stations, and Toronto for wheat fields and apple trees. They forget that manufacturers in Australia and Canada are faced with competition from manufacturers at home and are convinced that a measure of protection is essential to their salvation and survival. We may consider them wrong-headed or we may not, but we are compelled to take account of the attitude as a fact ami not to advance Ideal theories as if competition did not exist.
1929: Canada::~It is difficult to estimate the countless numbers of pelts which flowed from what is now known as  during the three hundred years of commerce in furs. Beaver, otter, fox of several varieties, lynx, fisher, mink,
1929: Canada::~Filled with seasonable stories and articles, the October issue of Rod and Gun and Canadian Silver Fox News, 's national outdoor magazine, just to hand, will
1929: Canada::~No School in  offers a better training, or ensures a more successful
1929: Canada::~faithful old friend, Fred Charles , was at the end of last year,
1929: tors, £~100 eah to his four godchild- There were 1,0 <6,819 motor vehicles ren, and the balance in trust to be registered in Canada in 1927, which divided among Kenneth Cunningham was an increase of 131,14* ove rthe
1929: Canada:Canada:~biles registered amounted to 9.1,395, increase of 100,028 over 1927. On a per capita basis, there was one passenger automobile per 10.6 persons In  and one motor vehicle, including trucks, motor cycles, buses, etc., per 9.0 persons. Only three countries had greater densities than , the nited States with 5.1, Hawaiian Islands, 73, and New Zealand, 8.0 persons per motor vehicle.
1929: Canada::~Is unbelievably acute. The smelling jn ajj provinces of  a para- black-and-white check design with a organs are minute pits on the anten- mount consideration with the govern- iOO80iy draped hood that hangs, cape-nae. On a single	antenna of an or	meats is the exertion of every effort to	fa8hloIlf over the shoulders but can
1929: This Is »~ picture of High Falla In Macaulay townablp, about orchard of Canada and the United
1929: Canada::~A representative of one of the largest dealers in |  will be with us. The Very Highest Pricks will be paid for finished birds.
1929: Canada::~Miss Agnes Mel nail, * only atlon, have found a warmth and wel-
1929: Canada::~ago and disappeared into the trackless Is lost. There are but few places in come to  with Champlain as a
1929: Canada::~, oration will begin at the eleventh	which he guided with his hands, and	&da, by Alexander Henry, the first	forces In , and	in addition pos-
1929: The virile fqjk who have colonized vast areas of the earth’~s surface, In Australasia, Africa, Canada, and a hundred and one Isles of the sea, still regard our little islands as "home."
1929: Canada::~During the same year  sent I us £~70,585,661 worth of goods and products; while Germany, with a population something like ten times greater than the total population of the Dominion of Canada, sent us only £48,403,494.
1929: Canada::~Royal Northwest Mounted Police of  have had to change their methods as the times have
1929: Canada::~friend In Upper  of a boatman's song In Gaelic which he had heard ou the St. Lawrence.
1929: Canada::~No School In  offers a better training, or ensures a more successful future. Henry's leads all othèrs. and ranks among employers as " The School or Higher KmcgRCT"—a fact home out by more than 600 pupil# who have, since January, 1013, left other Ottawa schools to come to It.
1929: A Moving Speech Which Will Enable U»~ in Canada to Understand the "Pit Hand" Better m the Future
1929: CANADA::~SIMONDS  SAW CO. LTD.
1929: Kninfhen Salts *»~ obtainable at i le part ment stores In Canada at 76c. a 1 à bottle contains enough to last for 4M DOütbs—good health for baU-a<eat a day.
1929: Canada::~in Western , which invariably at this time of year have been running Ü4 hours a day, are closed down or are o|derating on part time as à~ result of the Hooding of the Canadinn market with rolled oats manufactured in the United States, it was declared here today by It. .1. Marriott, manager of Western Canada
1929: Canada::~and greater refinements in the scale | r 110116 NO# vOi of living, Canadians are wearing more silk than ever before. The scale of Mental Defectives.	living in  is higher to-day than
1929: Canada::~out that  is to an increasing
1929: Canada::~75 goo women all over  nr* receiving their copie» regnlmHy,
1929: Canada::~White River, Ont , still holds the record for being the coldest place in Eastern . While we in this district were complaining of a cold wave that did not get within 10 or 12 degrees of zero, White River folks reported a reading of 24 below last Thursday.
1930: Canada::~No Sch<Al in  olïera a better training, or ensure* a more wuocessful future. Henry * leads all other*. and rank* among etnplçyers a* •* The School ok llmiiKit KmciwiY"-» 1 act tmrne out by more than (100 puni I* who have, since January, 1913. left other Ottawa Hchool* to come to It.
1930: Canada::~should be no limits, almost to which  should go in order to free her self of a danger that m?.y become a
1930: Canada::~been reserved in  by the Depart-1	•')—1 rank Rnurgeau,	3	horse. It	seems a dreadful pity that
1930: Canada::~the world totalled 6,203,139 last year, of which total the I States and  contributed a combined output of 4,061,141 ears.
1930: CANADA::~SIMONDS  SAW Co. LTD, MONTREAL TORONTO 7-29 VANCOUVER ST.JOHN, NO.
1930: Canada::~The Flowery Land was after-,	. Britain, we must not forget,'!
1930: Canada::~tial organizations, groups and indi- I Ottaw a-Vancouver vlduals, is to promote increased British settlement in Car ada. It will particularly benefit heads of families In  desirous of having their wives »~,id families rejoin them in Canada, I Agents, and others, established on this side, wishing to help relations and friends
1930: Canada::~No School in  offers a better training, or ensures a more successful . I future. Henry's leads all others, and Children retain their loveliness for all ranks among employers as
1930: Canada::~in . Following a hearty. .	,	_	_ .
1930: Canada::~The annual meeting of sharrhold- formulation and execution o* af.'ec-ers of The Roj.il Hank of  live measures for the maintenance of not only marked the close of the that equilibrium *hlch would ensure moat succu tfttl \ear on moo d, but
1930: Canada:United States:~Sir Herbert, in addressing the shareholders, pointed out that In spite of the losses Incurred by thousands of Investors throughout  and the , the strength of the business structure is such that there is no reason to look forward to more than a moderate recession in business during 1930.
1930: Canada::~Deal ng with conditions in ,
1930: Canada::~After dwelling on the success obtained by President Hoover in securing the active co-operation of Industrial leadership throughout the country in the recent crisis, Sir Herbert urged that it would be to the advantage of  to establish a nonpartisan Advisory Council, composed of men of outstanding ability, representative of Industry, agriculture and labor
1930: Canada:United States:~c. K. Nelli. Vice-president and managing director, submitted to the meeting a very interesting proposal by which  might benefit to a far greater extent from the tremendous tourist traffic that is coming annually Into the country from the .
1930: "> ’~anada.** tracting approximately fifteen million visitors a year. This great annual migration presents an unaparalleled opportunity for Increasing trade. As yet there has been no concerted effort to build the tradition that there are purchases which be made In Canada more advantageously than in the United States. If we could make purchasing in Canada sufficiently attractive. It would make a difference of more than one billion dollars a year In our trade."
1930: Canada::~The first joy to mention is the de- charge. Come, Mary."	bloody mask. But he was doing his	.	, L ..	*la#ral products of  are: coal,
1930: Canada::~in February. A hedgerow may b"	I	(/xa	\KtIy.	11	who believes that they will retain any	the year.  produces 90 pet
1930: Canada::~Tho real truth about how the "InWhale Hunters of Vancouver Island" kitted enormous whales from open dug-out cedar canoes after elaborate ceremonies Indicating that whale hunting was a long-established practice soon to be entirely abandoned in its primitive form by the Indians, amazed a large audience at the National Museum of , Ottawa, recently.
1930: Canada::~Whole of  Will Benefit.
1930: Canada:United States:~John W. Dafoe, managing editor of the Manitoba Free Press, recently said that "all the air highways of the northern hemisphere paso through , not the  route from New York to the cities of Asia
1930: Canada::~tain sections of  hut the whole and purchased specimens of their old cf the Dominion would benefit by the | whale-hunting gear from them.
1930: United States:Canada:~Minutes of last annual meeting were the bvauly spolfl of southern Alber- the duties of Australian High Com read and adopted on motion of John L. u but ifl considered one of the finest missioner to the , and Hodgins and R. J. Tracy.	civic parks In Western . As who is prominent in connection with
1930: I don Dally Express cays: “~A young Scotswoman, who booked her passage to Canada at Wood Green, paid her fare of £19 10s. in half crowns, having saved one half crown a week for three years.*
1930: Canada::~. .
1930: H. Guild's Green Mountain Aathma Compound sent on request. Originated in 1869 by Dr Guild, specialist In respiratory disease*. It* pleasant «moke vapor quickly soothe* and relieve* asthma—~also catarrh. Standard remedy at druggists. 35 cents, 60 rents and SI.50, powder or cigarette form. Send for FREE TRIAL package of 6 cigarettes. Canadian s)latri-bntore. Lymans. Ltd.. Dept. CC2. 286 St Fanl St West. Montreal. Canada.
1930: •~IMONDS CANADA SAW CO. LTD#
1930: Canada::~No School in  offers a better training, or ensuite a more successful future. Henry's leads all others, and
1930: Canada::~ment a problem In this country? must avoid exaggeration, but we have been assured that , per head of population, actually has a greater number of unemployed than have Cither Great Britain or the United | States. Since this assertion has been made in the press on several occasions and nobody has taken the trouble to contradict it, there is considerable, likelihood
1930: 1. 11. Co»t»~ Compiles Statistics for i Canada — Preparing tor Census.
1930: Canada:Canada:~Sir James Makers of  The Labor 
1930: aouglas”~ in th series, also to write Movement i:i Canada" and and its Pro\ inces."
1930: Canada:Canada:~The Interprovincial and James Bay Railway Company will apply to the Par liament of  at its next Session, for an Act extending the time for the coin men cement and completion of the lines of railway which it was authorized to construct by Section 1, Chapter 81, of the Statutes of  1924, and by Paragraph (b) Section 1, Chapter Cl. pf Wanted—~three qualified (Protestant) the Statutes of Canada 1928, namely
1930: Present duties of 12 cents per pound I atistice of t against Canadian butter and 30 cents! in addition to that he has taken one I» t gallon against Canadian cream en- census of (\tnada and i»~ preparing to wring the United States are urged as lake another; is an honorary fellow making it more imperative that the in- Bie Royal Statistical Society <f il w of New % aland butter into Canada Kn^and; a m« mb, r of th ‘ American be retarded. In 1921) over 24 million	Association; a fellow of the
1930: The immediate object of t lie soie t y was “~to pn m rve the words and music of the English and Scottish Railway Company adressera au Parle-ballads that have drifted across with ment du Canada à sa prochaine session :>ur first settlers and that have been	pour	demander	la	passation	d’une	loi
1930: •~ id-i behind t ! posai i> that Tweu it islands unnamed, the pulp wood now being exported from merely numbered, each replete In Canada as raw material and converted historic significance, have been sot into newsprint in the United States apart to form a national park. The
1930: changé that has taken place fX’~om mission of Canada ami tho United a nail a accounted for barely 37
1930: CANADA::~THE SI MONOS  SAW CO. LTD, MONTREAL TORONTO VANCOUVER •T, JOHN. N.B*
1930: Canada::~Knisrtvn Salts Is obtainable at drug and department stores In  at 75c. a bo* tic. A bottle contains enough to last for 4 o » months—good health lor half-a-out a <
1930: Canada::~No School In  offers a bettor training, Or en au ice a more successful future. Henry's leads all others, and
1930: Canada:United States:~ and the  will two delegates each, and the
1930: Canada:United States:~; fishermen have been visiting the is; land, fishing on the west coast. Some , married Icelandic women and brought i them home to Gloucester, where there ; are now about fifty Icelanders. The present population of Iceland is estimated at 100,000. In  there are from 35,000 to 40,000 Icelanders, and in Western  there are ' from 12,000 to 15,000.
1930: CANADA::~HITS .
1930: —~the NATIONAL FARM AGENCY receives MORE INQUIRIES for Canadian Farms from Canada and Other Parts of the World than all other similar Agencies combined.
1930: Canada:United States:~2.	 has been selling the  $5,000,000 worth of beef. The duty is jumped from 3 t pound.
1930: Canada:United States:~3.	 has been selling the  $5,000,000 worth of lumber. Lumber is taken from the free list and made dutiable at the rate of $1.50 per 1,000 board feet.
1930: Canada::~4  has been selling the 1 ni ted States from $2.000,000 to 8 worth of H ax seed from 40 to 63 cents a bushel
1930: Canada:United States:~5.  has been selling the  about $4,000,000 worth of pota-The duty is increased from 50
1930: Canada::~6.	 has been selling the l . 8. $2,000,000 worth of maple sugar. The duty is jumped from 4 to h 4 cents a pound.
1930: Canada:United States:~7.	 lias been selling the  $5,000,000 worth of cream duty is jumped from 20 to 53 cents a gallon.
1930: Quebec, March 27.—~Brigadier Gen, C A. Smart, Conservative, West mount, in the Quebec Legislative Assembly today ran into a constitutional issue when he faced the public bills committee with his bill to prohibit issuance of mar riige license to those who had been divorced in any country except in Canada, or other parts of the British Empire.
1930: Canada::~No School in  offers a better training, or ensures a more successful future. Henry** lead* all others. and
1930: Canada::~booklets that the Hank has had Conservative Senators amt mem-prepared for free distribution bers of the House of Commons nre-throughout the rural districts of Rented Hon. R. B. Bennett with a , “as a contribution to the magnificent silver loying cnp on welfare of the rural population." Tuesday last, in recognition of his Canning for future use of fruit, distinguished leadership of the vegetables, meat, etc., is a matter Censervative party since accession vitally associated with the domes- to that responsible position. The tic economics of every rural house» I presentation was made by R. S. hold, and to know how to av White, veteran Conservative mem-coraplish it successfully, is lucidly her for Mount Royal, in a most explained in this booklet, along felicitous address. Mr Bennett with a considerable fund of in for- was deeply moved by (hi- maid-mat ion on kindred matters, such testation of devotion and confias Jellying. pickling, making fruit dence on the part of his followers, juices, testing and preparing container».
1930: Canada::~To the people of Eastern and Central , the British strip of the Pacific Coast was a very distant and seemingly Inaccessible (legion. The sou route carried one down the whole eastern coast of the two Americas, around the Horn, and then up the Pacific coast to the mouth of the Fraser River a long, expensive and perilous voyage.
1930: Canada::~No wonder a band of adventurous spirits of Eastern , wishing to share in the harvest of gold then being gathered beyond the Rockies, decided to make their way across the trackless prairies, spread out westward between the head of the Great Lakes and the Rocky Mountains, and northward from the International Boundary to the Arctic Ocean.
1930: Canada::~and years after his widow, a clever and wrote an account of (he journey of the gold-seeking party of which she and her husband were members. Her account of the journey was published In book form, bearing the title, "Overland to the Cariboo." The book throws much light on the hardships of the Journey across what Is now Western , almost three quarters of a
1930: Canada::~probability this will occur, as many a wide range In . ( ecurring youthful voters will be placed on the lists	‘ Hn.uln
1930: CANADA::~DIVORCE IN  HAS IN
1930: Canada::~Vancouver would do more for him from the groun(1. In order to do Assertions ,ikc these tend to raise the Uhls, it must take advantage of the fear in the hearts of the people of Can- impetus of Us rush, for it cannot ada that Mr. King can be cynical in his start slowly and climb an upright action towards politics and government, trunk more than a few feet without that he cares not so much to be Premier falling, nor can it stop and go on of  as to be Premier of Liberal M*Jn before reaching a branch. Canudit, and that, if the occasion pre The groundhog’, chosen fare la un-
1930: Canada::~-the NATIONAL FARM AGENCY receive* MORE INQUIRIES for Canadian Farms from  and Other Paru of the World than all other similar combined.
1930: Canada::~Empress of  took 14 days to turn
1930: Canada::~in  may now bring forward their Families, Relatives and Friends on Easy Terms,
1930: Canada::~Krtischen Halts is obtainable at drug and department stores In  at 75c. a bottle. 1 A bottle contains enough to last for 4 or 5 months—good health for half-a-cent a day.
1930: Canada::~No School In  offers a betteri	^
1930: Canada::~Bill Bronson has led Virginia I renient into the Clearwater of northern  to find her fiance, Harold Vounsbury. who vanished there six years previously. Disaster separates them from the rest of their party, Kenlv lxwnsbury, Virginia's fiance's uncle, and Vos per, Bronsons cook. The man and girl are snowed in m
1930: Canada::Premier Ferguson gives Sir John A. all the credit for ’s progress to date. Evidently most of the money spent on the two volumes of “~Great Men of Canada" was wasted.
1930: Canada::~One part of  in particular is threaded with the world's most fascinating trails, to he followed through the world's most lovely scenery, day after day, each to Its ultimate termination. That Is the country around Banff and Lake Louise in the heart of the Canadian Rockies—a veritable land of Heart's Desire for the man or woman with the love of nature and the open at heart, where every trail leads to beauty, peace and radiant health.
1930: Canada::~\ I ibet ii convent ion at Stormont recently, Hon. Lucien 1 anmm, solicitor general for , boasted that IVeinier King will hold every one o! the >i\ty one (juelkv seats whieh he now holds ami gun two or three more.
1930: Canada::~trying to have the British North America Act changed so that French  may he deprived of its rights to its own language, its religious practices and its civil laws.
1930: Canada::~-the NATIONAL FARM AGENCY receives MORE INQUIRIES for Canadian F arma from  and Other Parts ot the World than all other similar
1930: Canada::~Scarcely noticed, there ha* ju*t slipped past the fiftieth anniversary of the Hell telephone system in . The event I* important, for the do velopment of the telephone really dates from the organization of that company, and a large share In the glory of the invention must go to the Dominion. Alexander Graham Bell, the Inventor of the telephone, conducted experiments both at Brantford, Ont. —near his father's home—and at Boh ton, Mas*. Brantford claims—and the claims are supported by evidence of a convincing nature—that the telephone was Invented there and perfected lu Boston. Boston has Its own version of the Invention.
1930: But while the controversy has pro ceeded apace the system has develop Hamilton, Bermuda—~A record depth ed with such rapidity that the extent of SOU feet beneath the ocean's sur- of its ramifications Is hardly apprecl-face was reached June 10 by William ated. By telephone a man on a mov-Beebe of the New York Zoological j lug train in Canada may now converse Society's oceanographic expedition, with a friend in England; a member in a steel hall with fused quartz win-'of the British Government can leave
1930: Canada::~Such amazing progress has only served to sharpen the debate between those who hold that Brantford is the cradle of the telephone and those who assert the prior claims of Boston. In this dispute a third, yet not uslm portant factor, is somewhat overlooked, and that is the inventor's own cosmopolitan habitat. Bell was born In Scotland, emigrated to , and later proceeded to the United State*. He thus served as a link between three great English-speaking countries and his Invention thus regarded Is a much better suject of consideration than as a question upon which wellmeaning citizens of great nations disagree.
1930: Canada::~There are aproximately 6.000 Eskimos in Arctic , scattered In small groups in the Arctic Islands and albng the northern seaboard.
1930: women wore leg-of-mutton sleeves and ostrich plumes . . . and during the same period men first began smoking Wilson’s Bachelor cigars. The •'furbelows” have long since been discarded but, today, more men arc smoking Wilson’s Bachelors —100% Havana filler—~than any other ten cent cigar in Canada.
1930: Canada::~No School in  offer* n better training, or ennui ce a more successful future. Henry'* lead* all others, and ranks among employers as •* The School ok IlioiiKH Ekficikkcy"—a fact home out by more than AOO puolle who have, since January, ItilJ, left other Ottawa schools to come to It.
1930: Canada::~Thirty military and concert bands, including the doubted ly aim to please. All- Permanent Force Band (by permission •~ marksmanship is terrible Department of Militia and Defence), an eepeci-ally recruited organization of seventy-fix skilled Instrumentalists taken from Canada's Regular Military establishments.
1930: Montreal, Que. —~ German aircraft builders are well aware of the potential market for mach'nes In Canada, and the Junkers Aircraft Corporation of Dessau, even anticipates assembling certain of Its various types In the Dominion. One of the company’s representatives Is now In Montreal to investigate the situation, and will use of the Junkers monoplanes for demonstration purposes. It is expected that he wll remain re months to discuss conditions and prospects with leaders in aviation.
1930: Canada::~Many other stellar factors will combine to realize the hope of the directors to make the 1030 exhibition the best in the 17 years of the Ventral  hx-
1930: Canada::~eclipsed in .
1930: United States:Canada:~the head of Maestro Giuseppe Creature, the famous band master, the hand uf Father Time has laid itself lightly. For a quarter of a century this great musician has been touring the  and  with his wonderful band and each visit he continues to grow in popularity and at tract larger audiences as ages milestones passed. Creators knows nothing ot Time to him is just a period with
1930: Canada:Canada:~The spruces of  play an im-1 portant part in the Industrial life of, the country and are an asset not fully, appreciated by the general public. | There are five spruces of commercial importance in , the white, ! black, and red spruces of the East and , Prairie Provinces; and the sitka and, Engelman spruces of British Colum-
1930: Canada::~Most of the game animals of Northern  are more or less migratory and the Eskimo, therefore, before the white man came into the country, migrated with the animals which he depended for a living. At certain times of the year he hunted seal on the ice far from the coast; In spring when the fish rivers to spawn, he abandoned the seal hunt and came inland to put up fish for the following winter; and, in the fall, when the caribou migrated south lie followed them until sealing again became profitable on the Ice. Now lie is a hunter and a trapper for furs, living a new mode of life approximating that of the white
1930: Canada::~In Ontario, where the commercial production of all descriptions of fruit, capable of cultivation in  has reached its highest development, apples have been grown from the middle of the eighteenth century; hut commercial orcharding has developed-only within the past 50 or 60 years,1
1930: Canada::~M 's ducks breed.
1930: Canada::~No School In  offer» a better training, or ensuice a liions successful future. Henry's lends all others, and rank» among employer» as " The School ok Hiohkk Ekkk iijk y’’—a tact borne out by more than HOO pupil* who have, alnce January, 1013, left other Ottawa schools to come to It.
1930: In a word, she is anaemic and badly needs help—~the health-help that only Dr. Williams' Pink Pills can give her. These pills make rich, red blood which brings new strength and energy to weak, despondent sufferers. Concerning them, Mrs. Paul Hall, Coin du Banc* Que., says: "I was badly rundown, slept poorly, and awoke am tired as when 1 went to bed. My appetite in Canada; the Wallace NeMU Cup;
1930: Canada::~championship of  and Incidentally has captured trophies emblematic of the championship of railway teams
1930: TART NOW —~ YOU CAN EARN money quickly, taking order* tot1 the most beautiful line of Personal Christmas Creeling Cards ever hown in Canada. Write for particulars. Rtgaf Art Co., 312 Spadlna Ave., Toronto.
1930: Among these is Count Ahlefeldt- ( ut>an campaign a decade later. Laurvig, who has recently given Both men were abruptly outspoken 2.000 tonde (120 acres) of land, near but kindly and “square, his castle and round the park at Both were trail as youngsters, Tranekjaer, Fyen, for this purpose. Teddy, according to his own account, It has been noted that many of the being pigeon-chested and usih-migration birds of the paddling and matic,”~ while young Dennis was exswimming species from Norway. Swe- tremely dellca.e when be ttrst reach-dun, a part of Russia and Siberia, td t*1‘‘~ western plains ot Canada, in pass over Denmark on their way to advance of the railway, as a lad of
1930: Canada:Canada:~Upon his recent return to  from a vacation abroad Col. Dennis vas asked by certain parties interest'd in the history of the building up >f  to compile a book of memoirs fro.n ills own storied past, and it ia understood that he has this mailer under consideration.
1930: Canada::~\ serious train wreck occurred done anything to indicate that she is Friday morning last when the I anything but a healthy, happy girl. Trans  Flyer ot the tana	Tr *
1930: “Pollyanna”~ abounds in fun and humor. There Is not a dull moment in the four acts through which the lovable little heroine pursues her way, spreading her philosophy of gladness and winning the hearts of all whom she meets. It will be presented here by the Martin Erwin Players of Canada.
1930: Canada::~The tremendous increase in SALADA Tea sales shows this extraordinary growth in .
1930: Canada::’~s Original Arrowroot Biscuits baked in Canada by Christie’s since 1853.
1930: Russia:Russia:~| Iu the Arctic regions all known i lands are accounted for either by claims of a given nation or by international agreement. With the exception of Iceland and Finland, the greater part of the Arctic Is claimed by Canada, the United States and . The flag of Denmark flies over Greenland, and Norway has a considerable section, including Spitsbergen. There remains an extensive stretch of sea and land north of  that still shows white on the map. This is the unknown, unclaimed No Man’~s Land. And even here Russia is claiming territory far out from the Asiatic Continent. Only last year she annexed Franz Josef Land, and what had been a white spot is now red.
1930: Canada::~Since the year 1919, when the Historic Sites and Monuments Board of  was instituted, the Department of the Interior through its National Parks Service has marked, By the erection of suitable memorials, 150 sites appertaining to the history of the Dominion. From time to time, among the various sites acquired aro those of Fort Wellington at Prescott, Ontario; Fort Chambly at Chambly,
1930: Canada::~P.	Q.; and Fort Tver nox, near St. Johns, P.Q., on wh'Vh are situated interesting structures erected by the French and the English for defensive purposes along the Richelieu and St. I a wren ce rivers. Considerable restoration and improvemo.it work has been carried out at these sites and today they aie visited by streams of tourists. It is the inte lion of the Department of the Ini nor ultimately to mark throughout  all those sites that have a distinct bearing on the history of the Dominion.
1930: Canada::~At the annual meeting of the Historic Sites and Monuments Board of  the foil .wing were chosen as the most outstanding sites or events for preservation and commemoration:
1930: Near Brantford, Ont.—A tablet to commemorate the loyal services of the Six Nations Indians to the British Empire in the Seven Years’~ War, tho War of the American Revolution, and in the defence of Upper Canada in 1812-14.
1930: Canada::~No School in  offers a better training, or ensure# a more successful future. Henry's leads all others, and ranks among employers as " The School of Higher Ki-ficikncv"—a fact borne out by more than flOO pupils who have, since January, HUS, left other Ottawa schools to come to It.
1930: from all parts of the United State»~ and Canada, vineial, French and American representatives were In attendance.
1930: Canada::~The Government ha* appointed Peter \\ hitc, K. C , of foronto to investigate the moving picture industry in , under the authority of the Combines Investigation Act.
1930: Canada::~into the affairs of the various film ex changes operating in , and of any other person believed to be a party to the alleged combine.
1930: Taken all in all this is one of the strongest best equipped «~. ions to leave Canada in years fur any Impe-1 lernuui Roller Tried to Beat Tern-rial Conference
1930: Canada::~proportion to population conditions in long as Templeton Moore and he had Western  are worse than in any I kept at it as long as his puny other part of the Dominion.	I strength held out.
1930: Canada:Canada:~More bicycles were made in  In 1929 than In any previous year | and prices were lower than they have been, for thirty years, according to tho records of the  Cycle and Motor Company.
1930: Canada:Canada:~ is now one of the leading exporters of motor cars among the commercial nations of the werld her exports being, In fact, exceeded only by those of the United Stales. In the last fiscal year,  shipped automobiles to over 50 different countries and automobile tire casings to almost a» many. The Canadian Industry has made rapid growth In recent years, though there have been fluctuations owing to special conditions. Production in the present year has shown a downward trend, but the calendar year 1929 saw a new record established. The" fiscal year 1929 also witnessed the highest export of cars in the history of the Canadian industry.
1930: Canada::~Production of automobiles in  In 1929 started at a higher rate than in previous years, with a total of 21,009 cars in January. It then rose rapidly to a new. monthly output record of 40,621 cars in March, but this was in turn surpassed in April, when the greatest monthly output In the history of the Industry was reached with 41,901 cars. May marked the first recession from the rapid rise, and output then declined steadily each month, with the exception of October, to the lowest level of the year, and the second lowest monthly total of recent years at 5,495 cars in December. Production for the year was 263,295 cars. Tills was 9 per cent, greater than the previous record of 242,054 cars attained in 1928, and 29 per cent, over the record of 204,727 cars in 1926, which was the third best year for the Industry.
1930: Canada::~So School in  offer* a better training, or ensuic* a more successful future. Henry's lend* all other*, and
1930: Canada::~The latest recruit to the ranks of the "Musical Cruisaders" which are being h iard on Sunday afternoons at 4.15 over the Canadian Pacific Railway's Radio broadcast transmission system In  over XVJZ and affiliated stations in
1930: Canada::~Maxted cafhe to  at the age or nine and received all his schooling In Montreal, where he also studied voice and won wide repute as concert and
1930: Canada::~The Trime Minister of  has been appointed by the King to he a member of the Imperial Privy Council
1930: Canada::~fishermen may obtain additional instruction in subjects of direct, practical relation to the fisheries now have regular place in tho program carried on In the interests of the fishing industry of the Dominion by the Biological Board of  under the authority of the Minister of Marine and Fisheries.
1930: Canada::~in each district to sell Minerals made in , for cattle, hogs and poultry. Good proposition for
1930: Canada::~No School In  offers t better training, or ensuite a more successful future
1930: Canada::~Mr. Fraser has visited  In the interests of even further Increase in trade.
1930: Canada:Canada:~As an Instance of the reciprocal increase in shipments of tropical fruits to , Mr. Fraser cited the case oT Jamaica, which shipped a million stems of bananas direct to  last year, compared with none at all previous to 1925 and the trade treaty of that year.
1930: Canada::~It has been estimated that about two and one-half million dollars a year are lost in Eastern  on account of the sinkage of logs while being floated from the woods to the mill.
1930: Canada::~by the Forest Products Laboratories of , Department of the Inter-
1930: Canada::~feel sure from the letters and records that the Royal will be a concrete expression of the optimism of all who believe in the basic soundness of economic conditions In . The first day has been designated for this especial purpose of the Royal program, ‘Canadian Day'. On that day the broad national aspects of
1930: Canada::~"In the past this has created an atmosphere that has tended to intensify general interest in these provinces and their resources. In this way visitors to the Royal find a means under one roof of comparing the exhibits of widely separated districts of Coid in the ilead is very common at  and of contrasting them with ( lhlg tlme 0f year, especially in the others, while at the same time sens- very young. Neglect of a cold is ing the link of unit that In abroad prone t0 lead to serious consequences, way runs through our Canadian life.	re]|eVe all congestion of the sys-
1930: Canada::~Following suggestions thrown out by the minister some months ago, the price of bread was reduced by about 20 per cent, ora little more than two cents a loaf on the average over the whole of . The price of flour, however, did not come down and the opinion was expressed at the Department of Labor last Wednesday that the next step must come from the milling companies.
1930: Canada:United States:~A determined effort to lessen what amounts to unfair competition for Canadian manufacturers is almost certain to be made by the present Government in the revision of the tarif! for the coming session, by imposing some form of duty against periodicals entering  and bearing a large amount of advertising of foreign-made goods. Such a blow would be aimed at large weekly publications from the , and it is expected that the duty will be imposed on a percentage basis, and that the publishers will be required to furnish advance copies of their publication to the Department of National Revenue for the purpose cf appraisal.
1930: Arras, Nov. 26.—~From the Somme to the Y pres Salient, Prime Minister R. B. Bennett, of Canada, accompanied by his si«~ter, Miss Bennett, and by Major General Sir Fabien Ware, vice-president of the Imperial War Graves Commission, today traversed the old Canadian battlefields. It was, on Mr. Bennett s part, a pilgrimage of homage to the Canadian dead who lie in France and Flanders—a pilgrimage which began at Amiens where the Canadians held the spherhead in the last great drive of the Great War, and ended at Y pres, where t he Bennett party planned to spend the night.
1930: Canada::~ernment and the people of .”
1930: Canada:United States:~The fish la a giant of the mackerel family.. Indeed, along the North Atlantic coast of  and the  It has quite commonly been known as the “horse mackerel." Sometimes it has also been miscalled "albacore." The albacore, however, while quite similar to the tuna In appearance, is much smaller, rarely reaching a weight of more than thirty pounds, whereas specimens of the tuna taken in the commercial fishery have quite frequently been found to weigh a thousand pounds, or even
1930: Canada:usa:~IIo\v much simpler to havj your children undergo this simple treatment than to have your home quarantined and possibly lose a child or two through diphtheria! If only every public health department would see that this marvellous substance be put at the disposal of every parent, and If only all parents would insist upon protecting their children with it, diphtheria could he wiped out of  within ten years, and hundreds of lives and thonds of dollars saved every year.
1930: Canada::~If for ten years or less,  were to pay as much money towards preventing this disease as Canadians now pay for curing it and burying its victims, it could be virtually elminated.
1930: Canada::~In the town of Windsor, Nova Scotia, a tablet has been erected by the National Parks of  Branch, Department of the Interior, commemorating the founding of King’~s College, in 1789, the first university in Canada and the Eldest in the British overseas dominions.
1930: Canada::~The gross values of the manufac , lured products of the pulp and paper industry in  for 1929 were $243,970,761. This does not include i pulpwood nor the pulp made in com bined pulp and paper mills for their, use In making paper.	I
1931: Canada::~No School in  offers a better training, or ensures a more successful future. Henry's leads all other*, and ranks among employers as “The School “ Ottawa* Greatest School of
1931: dents of Fort Coulonge, has passed current year took place on Friday The annual Christmas tea-meet- the four score mark and at present night. Ht. Wor. Bro I. H. Pattering, held formerly in connection enjoying good health. Our H»~n, I) D.G.M, <>l Eddy Lodge, with the Canada Methodist Church good friend bedame a subscriber to Hull, officiating. The new incurn-and, of late years, the United The Equity when the first copv | bents are :
1931: Canada:Canada:~Observations made by explorers and Investigators of the Department of thi Interior, , over a considerable period Indicate that a decided Improvement has taken place in recent years In the condition of the caribou herds of 's northland. To the west In Yukon Territory and eastward almost to Hudson bay the caribou are reported In large numbers, In many cases having reappeared on their old migrations! routes.
1931: Canada::~se the topps without it be clear weath-. . the sea lyes but a little way to the westward of the mountains." This is the earliest reference to the Rocky! mountains in the records of the Geo-' graphic Board of .	I
1931: Canada::~The annual general meeting of the Bank of Montreal was marked by a distinct feeling of confidence In the general outlook In .
1931: Canada::~"Examination of the figures of the foreign trade of  shows how large a part the item of wheat plays. No other single commodity approaches this cereal In volume and value; as a consequence, when crop failure occurs or prices fall below the line of profitable production. the whole business of the country Is adversely affected. That has happened. The wheat crop of 1929 was short In quantity; the crop of 1930 faced low prices and a glutted market; and the foreign trade returns disclose the results of these unfavorable factors. To short crops and congested markets can be traced much of the reaction In general business, the decline In railway
1931: “In summing up his conclusions, Sir Charles stated that “~in tills virile country of Canada with its abounding resources there can be no permanent depression. My own view is that when the turn conies Canada will be found leading the procession In the return to prosperity/»
1931: Canada::~Few economic questions are being more keenly discussed throughout Die world to-day than that of the supply of gold for monetary use. In this subject  has a double interest her Interest as a gold-producing country and also as a trading nation vitally concerned with anything and everything that Is fundamental to world prosperity.
1931: Canada::~If every individual in  could receive and follow the simple advice
1931: Canada::~monta, it is stated. The total population of the penitentiaries in  is about ;t,800. At St. Vincent «le Paul penitentiary there are 8>0t and it is reported that at the St >ny Mountain in Manitoba, the convicts are sleeping in the corridors.
1931: Canada::~There are now 914 prisoners confined in the Portsmouth (Kingston) penitentiary, the largest number in the history of the institution, and for the first time in the history of this prison one of the corridors is being used to house the overflow of inmates. All the other prisoners in  have record enrol -
1931: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  .. $1.50 To 
1931: Canada::~tiens followed the report of a street If he does not quite do that he ently at once courageous and shy, row In a newspaper which found its does the next best thing. His native loyal and retiring, fighters and peaceway to . A young girl had name mean's Peace-Maker, and he makers. Like dogs, they develop af-pluckily come, to the assistance of a does, in fact, act as mediator between fection for one person, and will fol-policeman who was being assaulted black men and white. It is no joke low that person around everywhere, by roughs.	being daddy to 150,000 blacks, and pining in their absence. Even their
1931: Canada::~"We have tried." said Mr. Falrbalrn, "to stimulate in the minds of the people a greater desire for larm products. The per capita consumption of cheese in  is decidedly too low. must create in the mind of the avor-
1931: Canada::~Harry Lauder told this to Lord Aberdeen, former Governor-General of , who includes it in his book of Scottish stories, “Tell Me Another”:
1931: Canada::~Surveys engineers of the Topographical Survey, Department of the Interior, , recorded 1.600 magnetic measurements during 1929 map showing the magnetic dé~clina tion at all points in Canada is pub llslied by the above office at pttawa
1931: There were 108 pulp and paper establishment»~ In operation In Canada in 1929
1931: Canada::~Speaking of his experiences recently while visiting Western ,
1931: Entire Rural Population Soon To Have Big-City Health Protection—~Quebec Leads All Of Canada In This
1931: about this revolution which, though ' full-time county medical health of-It i* ntill going on. has already placed »~ fleers, 6 full-time district health of-that province far ahead of the rest fleers, 64 full-time county health of Canada insofar as care of rural nurses. 1 fulltime county sanitary ! health is concerned. Many of us re- engineer, 24 full-time county sanitary it* unit plan as an experiment, inspectors, 2 part-time county eanl-has proven that it is a life- tary Inspectors, 6 part-time T.B. clin-and not content with proving iclans, 4 full lime T.lt. clinicians, 24 put It to w ork In half I he full time clerk secretaries and 7 tak-
1931: Canada:Canada:~White has said he would strongly advise young men without n competence not to go Into politics. We hope the advice will not be taken, and for two reasons.  Is a democracy, not a plutocracy. She has no mind to be ruled by wealth or in the Interests of wealth. And  has need of her young men ln politics. She needs their energy and their idealism and their vision and their Intolerance of sham. She can Ill-
1931: championship race; Lower lefî~, Emile Sf. Godard, defender of the Chateau Laurier Gold Cup which he won in 19.10 hundred mile dog derby, and right, one of the ski-jumping champions of Canada going off the take-off at the Rock cl iff e Park jump in an attempt to establish new distance records.
1931: Canada::~one Lime one of 's mo-t ex p» i t rifle allots, and an all round % sporlsm in and athlete When as !•! a resident of Ottawa, iiis former •> home, lie figured conspicuously in * hockey and lacrosse circles. *	*
1931: CANADA::~IN  M
1931: Canada::~No Schoo In  offers t better training, or ensures a more successful future. Henry's lends all of hers, and ranks among employers as "The School ok Higher Em< ikm y"— a fact borne out by more than rtOO pupil* who have, since January, 1013, left other Ottawa schools to come to It.
1931: Canada:United States:~Delegates from all parts of  and some from the  are expected to attend the annual meeting it Ottawa of th»*
1931: Canada::~Church of , will fly ings in British Columbia. A real sky St. Thomas Time*Journal.
1931: CANADA::~! he  M ARCH CO., Limited MONTREAI
1931: Russia::The dumping of n grain and the general international dislocation of trade have exacted their heavy "Oh, I h< dees, and the gun—”~ toll. But the gl- of Canada's future She c >v< red her face with her hands shh like the sun through the a f->huddered
1931: Notwithstanding this "discovery,” question of "racial origin." Many the fact remains that In the census of people whoso families have been ré~siliai, at 1 amt, anyone who wished to dent in Canada for several gene ratio ho and who met the qualifications lions scarcely know tile names of was quite at liberty to desrriho him their ancestors, let alone lhoir racial .‘•elf as of Canadian nationality, just origin. Rut they are compelled to •~r. everyone horn in Canada was de hazard at least a gim-s in that con-scribed as of 'Canadian” till 111, while flection. If. however, their families
1931: Canada::~In , tl
1931: irid Mexico wild lib* < vationlsts are co-operating in a of r h<* linen of migrâ~t ion al fli the different b peel es a< they northward to Canada for fin* am breeding geasozi	and igain	so
1931: Canada:United States:~The waterfowl supply i not only of interest to , hut also to our ghbors in the  and xlco. It is et limited that In* »~en seventy-five and eig it. of the ducks and g* i 'li America are raised north of the nada United States boundary. A
1931: Canada::~everyone whoso family had been of, am of three or more generations' re three generations' family or  was marked ‘‘Canadian”~ in a special sense. This U dearly proved by reference to a footnote on page xlv., vol. 1. Sixth Census of Canada,
1931: Canada::~3.	Any person horn out of  whose father wo# a Canadian national at the time of that person’s birth, or with regard to persons horn before the passing of this Act, any person whose father at the time of such birth possessed all the qualifications of a Canadian national as defined in this
1931: Canada::~(a) A person horn in  who has not become an alien.
1931: (r) A person naturalized under the a ‘ Canadian”~ national and yet lie of laws of Canada who has not suh<e-Kngllsh or Irish or Scotch or Slavic quotitly become an alien or lost Cana* or French or Finnish or German or (Ran domicile.
1931: Canada:Canada:~A study of ranges of most of the ducks of Canada which est to the sportsman, most of northern Canad of the breeding range f, species, and it would be ex unlikely for prairie nesting nest elsewhere. That large pa  which is covered b Cabrian shield is not duck breeding area, vestigations are under way t exactly how important this va tion of  may he in duction of ducks and whet usefulness in this lonnectloi improved.
1931: By this census system, very valu able statistics have been gather#* and the work still continues. It ha< been used to substitute dé~finit# knowledge for guesswork in the re cording of waterfowl conditions the various parts of Canada. T1 Is room for additional observ especially in some parts which are not well covered at present, and any person who is interested iu birds, and feels that he can add materially to the knowledge of the Department respecting waterfowl conditions Is Invited to communicate with the Commissioner of National Parks. Department of the interior, Ottawa. Canada.
1931: Canada::~I by the Minister \| ! jireme t 'uni t of  i andean in conclusion.
1931: “~If Canada were to accept the Russian overtures now before the Dominion Government and exchange her machinery for Soviet coal and gold, die would simply be vx)>editing her own economic ruin, since she would he supplying Russia with the mean> of becoming a more formidable competitor than ever.
1931: Canada:Canada:~In a review ot the dairy industry ot , Dr. J. A. Ruddick, Dominion Dairy Commissioner, said that since 1921 domestic consumption of dairy products in  had increased to the extent of 151,529,547 pounds of butter fat equivalent
1931: As Mr. M i -C ilium’~s letter largely sup plements mine, there is little for me to say. In writing to explain the legal formalities necessary t< marriage, there Co-operative associations in Canada was no occasion for roe to discuss mar-numbered 1,095 in 1930, with a total riage itself, on which subjict l cordially membership of 690,(185. This compares agree with Mr. MacCallum. with 93(1 organizations and 512,835 However, some of his remarks call for members in 1929. lhe.-e group* m- comment. He speaks of these “over vliule the grain growers < i tlie prainv cautious days. " In my experience and provinces, the dory tanners and t he observation one of the remarkable tilings truit and vegetable grmxeis ot the u^)0llt jiu.se days is the lack of caution
1931: Canada:United States:~ANNUAL HUIISUHIITION Anywhere in  To 
1931: Japan:Russia:~Although a new disease of man, tularaemia has now been recognized In forty-three States of the United States, in the District of Columbia, Canada, ,  and Norway.
1931: information sent r«e. The R&mxjiy Company. World Patent Attorney». 273 Rank St ê~et. Ottawa, Canada.___________.
1931: Canada::~Telephone Company of , after flfty yearg 0f service.	I by the dog catcher because his tax
1931: Canada::~outstanding figures In the telephone vice of the three Canadians totalled boys and girls of the neighborhood world in  who met during the over 150 years. Dr. Bell, a Scotchman collected the amount and tendered last visit of Dr. Alexander Graham by birth, maintained his Interest In It to the Lord Provost.
1931: Canada::~of ;
1931: Canada::~Sends Greetings to Its Many Friends In .
1931: Canada::~Miss Rose Cohen, of Lmark, has No Schoo in  offers a better been n guest during the p-i'-t week training, or ensures a more successful
1931: April 8th, at 2 o’~c lock, p. ra. Pro- Sheppard, who has been seriously gram : -"Why onr Voung People f^'' considerable time at the Should Remain in Canada," by home of her daughter, Mrs. Thus.
1931: Canada::~said the clerk Cart of , eh?’
1931: Canada:Canada:~The spruces oX  play an im-. portant part in the Industrial life of the country and are an asset not fully appreciated by the general public. There are five spruces of commercial It is a good thing for every importance in , the white, the
1931: Canada::~of , 1806 1812
1931: Tracing the protress of Canadian art, Mr. Barnes declared that It re reived its impetus from tho-e live men - Paul Kan»~* Canada; otto Jacob, Prussia; Cornelius Krelrhoff, Holland; Dan Fowler, Kngland; and Ueo. Berthon Frame. While they were of different na'int.nlitles, they chose Canada as tl eh homo and produced work hero \
1931: Canada:England:~At the time of Confederation, he went on art hi  was still struggle gling for ex I *i< "dill*  na.« worrying sbo.
1931: Ottawa.—~The production of com-1 Classified Advertising merrlal apples iu Canada for the year 1930 is estimated preliminarily at 3,165,936 barrels of the value of $10,
1931: Canada::~Sends Greetings to its Many % | Friends In .
1931: Under the heading “~Congratulations Canada!" the Christian Science Monl-1 tor heartily endorses Canada’s radio policy. We read:
1931: “Only three minutes of radio advertising an hour! That is the Canadian radiocasters' answer to the movement • I to have the Government take over ; broadcast* «~g. Every single station iu Canada has just subscribed to a policy of voluntarily limiting advertising talk to 5 per tent, of a program's time. In connectlou with Sunday programs a sponsor may have only his name, ad dress and the nature of his business mentioned, uo sales talks being ai-, lowed.
1931: Canada::~Aiiywhvio in  . *1.50 To ( lilted States .. .. 2
1931: Canada::~Vo Schoo in  offers a letter training, or ensure* a more successful future. Henry'» leads all others, and ranks among employer* a* " The School ok Highsb Kkkicifncy"—a fact borne out by more than 600 pool I* who have, since January, 1918, left other Ottawa
1931: Canada:Canada:~spe ikcr at the twelfth i the l>aily Newspaper , held in Tonmt advocated a mere ext en coinage in  as i ment in the cure of the | pression, which he in large measure t in the value of silvt
1931: Canada::~itnong the manufa rv: >  | It to no newi that câble and telegraph
1931: Canada::~presses the opinion that only way  can make her most effective contribution at the present
1931: Canada:United States:~ANNUAL HVIV-M IMUriON Anywhere in  Tt>  .. ..
1931: Canada::~w w w	v	|UU|	to  when
1931: Toronto. -“~There Ik no place In the wirld hotter off than Canada/' de-Glared !.. Mnbayan of Toronto, who ham ju.'t roini'•»*tcd a twelve-week tour of tJ .Jrlent and Km ope He further c. imtnented:
1931: agreed on one thing—~that Is, to flood every country they can with their goods. They have a particular desire to swamp England first. Englishmen will wake up to the real condition that confronts them, just as Canada has. Chocolates are being brought Into London, England, at 8 cents a pound and sold retail for 16 cents a pound against the home product selling at about one dollar a pound. That condition cannot last with any benefit to the British people.
1931: CANADA::~OYP6UM. LIME AND ALABAST1NK,  LIMITED
1931: Canada::~SWSKi,.&'sti'.ElrsrUX ottawa-  ïiùu^"<:ri”;fi«d°»,;l,".dr'	°tæ£z 'Vri-« «»*'«««..
1931: Canada::~in British universities taMKiing an enduring link between  and the Motherland.
1931: Canada::~During the field Fen.son of 1030, the Geodetic Survey of , Department of the Interior, completed the re eonnais.xii.ee for an extensive triangulation scheme covering Georgian hay und the North channel of Lake Huron together with adjoining lands including Manitoulin Island. The term, extending from the southern >f Georgian Hay to Sault Stc . a distance of 230 miles, which he controlled by such a scheme, xx.11 have forty control points distributed over an area of approximately 18,000 square miles.
1931: Canada::~Made in  by the Makers of Kraft Cheese and Velvecta
1931: Canada::~According to the Dominion Bureau Captain Cook and Captain \ an^<,u^r of Statistics, 39 of ^ie 62 firms in on the Pacific Coast in 17 <8 and 1792,  engaged in the agricultural and Sir John Franklin in the interior
1931: CANADA::~GYPSUM. LIMB AND AL ABAS TINE . LIMITED
1931: Canada::~The police had been hot on his track, and Neiuta had helped him. Down to the docks that night, hiding behind the shadow of stacks, creeping cautiously to the cargo-boat that was coaling. Tony slipping up the gangway. ! A new country, a fresh start. Tony would never come back.
1931: “~Tony went to Canada," she said. “He sailed six weeks ago, and he is going to do something really fine, I sort of feel it."
1931: “I feel it, tdo,” said his mother; “~but Canada is a long way off, and I shan’t never hear from him."
1931: Ottawa.—~The annual value of forest products in Canada Is placed at approximately $500.000,000 by the Canadian Government Forestry Service, and over 200.000 persons are employed In the extraction and manufacture of the products of the forests of the Dominion. Last year the value of these exports was over $291.000.000. There are about 3,000 saw mills and 108 pulp and paper mills In Canada. The saw mills represent a capital investment of $180.000.000 and the pulp and paper mills an investment of $660.000,000. The former employed about 45,000 persons and the latter
1931: “We were carried a couple of months ago. He didn’~t want to tell you, so we went on living here. It was the idea that he wanted to make more money for me that sent him to Canada."
1931: Canada::~need to worry over the threatened eclipse of the farm horse. Old Dobbin's reign shows no immediate signs of waning. In the Province of Quebec, for instance, between the years 1923 and 1929 the number of horses increased by nearly 30,000. In the city of Montreal there were 699 more horses in 1930 than in the previous year. In Westen , it is true, power farming did reduce the number of farm horses, but not to the extent that many people had expected or feared. A Canadian-wide tally of the numbei of farm horses made in June, 1930, showed that there were 3,295,028 or only 105,324 less than in 1920. Whilst horses continue to increase in
1931: Canada::~Salada Tea Company of , Limited
1931: Canada::~in .
1931: Canada::~Made in  hy the Makers of Kraft Cheese and Veheeta
1931: Canada::~Old cu* :oms die hard and even in  vehicl we see a hiaty of oxen with their owner at Greenfl eld. N.8
1931: of A Good Stenographer ated into positions as private secr> »~ roduceci in Canada in
1931: Canada::~The total production of honey in I live steps, have gone on until they  In 1930 was 31,169.683 pounds, I have become high and responsible of- xn Increase over the production in 1929 fleers of the company. Similar in-•tances are to be found not only In and then automatically transcribes it other large railroad systems of the
1931: United States:Canada:~Canada exported 1,749,035 pounds of honey to the British Isles,  and several European countries last year. The British Isles took the largest quantity, 1,292,032 pounds. Only 62,824 pounds of honey were imported Into  in 1930.—Canada Week by Week.
1931: Canada::~In line with rapidly changing merchan dising conditions in  we are now linked with a group of independent retail Footwear Merchants who have banded together in a mammouth organization.
1931: United States:Canada:~pondent of th tor nearly $5,000,000 mot was spoilt ou public recreation in 080 communities in the  and  last year than the total expenditures during 1929, according to the yearbook of the National Recreation Associa-
1931: Canada:United States:~Ice was first produced artificially in 1755, said the speaker, and the first patent on an ice-making machine was taken out In 1850 of large Ice making and refrigeration plants Is comparatively recent and Is confined largely to  and the . Ice is used to a greater extent in North America than in all the rest of the world, he said.
1931: Canada::~That  should use more British
1931: United States:United States:~Were it not for the film censor boards in Canada .the country would be over-with movies featuring gangsters, crime, sex and nudity as was the case in a great part of the , lie The nations of the British Empire should get together. They and the  composed the great English shaking film market and the British portion of that market was being exploited by the foreigner because it
1931: Canada::~of the Dominion of  Hlfle Associât on
1931: Canada::~In line with rapidly changing merchan dising conditions in  we are linked with a group of independent retail Footwear Merchants who have band- , ||
1931: Canada::~Parks of .	_ 1___________
1931: Canada::~For Prize Lists and All Information Write H. H. McELROY. Manager and Secretary Journal Building, Ottawa, .
1931: Canada::~Made in  by the M«k«n of Krtft Salad Drfidng
1931: Canada::~In line with rapidly changing merchan . dising conditions in  we are now linked with a group of independent retail Footwear Merchants who have banded together in a mammouth organization.
1931: Canada::~Made in .
1931: Canada:Canada:~Alberta, where tills new refinery 1s being erected, is now the chief source of Canadian production of crude oil, according to Agricultural and Industrial Progress In  was formerly the center of tins industry in , hut Alberta now produces over 90 per Cent, of the yield f Canadian wells. The presence of til in Alberta Has been known for a long period, but it was shortly before the outbreak of the war that it was struck in paying quantities. In October. 1913. a remarkable light oil
1931: In addition to the t il fiel Mhert i, p* trcleum I ; produced in or provinces cf th«~ Dominion. Tims'1 are Ontario at <1 New Brtins-wl< k. The Ont field w to bv work, d in the Dominion. Crude petroh uni was first obtained in Canada in 1X58
1931: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  .. .. 2 00
1931: Canada::~to assist In exterminating the locust And , too, la waging an Inten-slve campaign against this and other
1931: Canada::~Made in  by the Makers _ of Velvet ta and Kraft Salad
1931: Canada::~connection. These competitions were witnessed by four of the most foremost poultry men in .
1931: CANADA::~BUY MADE-IN- GOODS
1931: Canada:Canada:~Agriculture is 's leading Industry. the net annual value of agricultural production averaging double that of all other primary industries put together. It is from four to tive times as great as that of either forestry or mining, which come next in order of importance. The farmer supplies the raw material for many of 's leading manufacturing industries, such as flour milling, feed and grist milling, bread and bakery products, slaughtering and packing, butter and cheese making, boot and shoe making and fruit and vegetable canning.
1931: Canada::~Agricultural Information has been collected by means of the census since the earliest times, but the amount and the variety of information secured has been steadily Increasing with the growing complexity of the operations carried on by farmers in the Dominion. The questions asked in the 1931 schedules covered a greater variety of subjects than In any previous investigation. Not only was every outstanding expert in agricultural matters in  consulted in connection with the questions, but advantage was also taken of the work of the International Institute of Agriculture, representing some 60 countries, which had a staff of experts at work for the last four years making plans for an ideal census of agriculture.
1931: A large 12.ounce jar costs only 25 cents,-one-half the cost you're used to paying. Get some to-day. Try it ami you’~ll instantly know why it's the favourite everywhere in Canada.
1931: Canada::~Made in  by the Makers of Kraft Cheese and Vclveeta
1931: Canada::~win patents the celluloid film. George  is. now the second largest What are the wild waves saying
1931: Canada::~struct!ve pa|>er on Trade in .” A blip of paper was drawn on which was a question to be answered by each member at the Oct. meeting to be held at the home of Mrs Chabot.
1931: Sli-twville at 7.30 p. m.—Young people’s rally, with worship service and choir in charge of Y'oung People Speaker, Rev. 1). T. I. For?)the, of Montreal, loader of Young People’~s work,for Eastern Canada.
1931: Canada::~Made in  bv (hr Makers il trail Cheese and Vclveeta
1931: Canada::~f immigration visas i.vsiivtl to vt f ,
1931: England:Canada:~r t sixty years, while Britain was I along the south coast are rather dark 30n wp0 three years ago came from Mie great cotton manufacturing conn- skinned in comparison.	 to  and nettled in
1931: England:Canada:~Mr. Met edit h, who was in his 81th year, was horn in  and came to  when he was a young man of 18 years He made hi* home in Quyon, residing there until two years ago. His wife, who was Harriet Smith of
1931: Canada:United States:~tion for 1.200 of the best horses 11  and the . The plainer word "stables" does not properly convey an Idea of tho purpose or the splendour of the building. Tho horses aristocrats of blue blood, some of them valued at $10,000 and $20,000— are as much on display while resting in the stalls ns in the show ring, and they can be juct as interestingly viewed by the public. Such a distinctive place deserves
1931: Mail and Empire (Toronto) — Ever since the war the Duke of Connaught has spent his Winters at his villa at Cape Ferrâ~t, on the French Riviera. This year, though 81 years old, and not robust, he will remain at home in England as an example to others. In thus emulating the example of the King, who recently gave up a portion of his income because of the national crisis, Canada's former royal governor-general sets a standard of citizenship which, if followed in this country, will this year diminish the size of the Canadian colonies in Florida and California.
1931: Be sure to get the genuine Phillips" Milk of Magnesia prescribed by physicians for f>0 years in correcting excess acids. 50c a bottle—any urug «~tore. (Made in Canada.)
1931: CANADA::~DOMINION OF  1931 NATIONAL SERVICE LOAN
1931: CANADA::~The  STARCH CO.. Limited MONTREAL
1931: Take Aspirin for any ache or pain, and take enough to end it. It can’~t harm you. At drug stores everywhere. Made in Canada.
1931: Canada::~told himself, he would save dp enough to go out to , or Australia, or cottage, and mat down with the docu-gonic where else overseas, get work, ment in front of a cheerful fire, and when he had worked long enough In one place, drift on to the next. an(j dancing firelight, and every now Little Stanbury was all right ho had an<j then the flickering flames ilium-been born there—but you never got jI1C(| tli » face of Patience in the por-any farther if you stuck in Little trait hanging on the wall, opposite (Itanbury.
1931: managed when lie was younger, • A great gust of wind suddenly tore nay bo—~but at least he could go on past him, whirling something white off ne of those tours he saw advertised, j the table and right across the room r take a trip to Canada, or even Aus- into the fire.
1931: Canada:Russia:~Mr. Richard* believed there would Jbe increased consumption of c tppjr and th it increased pro faction contemplated in Africa,  and  would be absorbed.
1931: Canada:Canada:~The canoe, which the first white settlers in  found the Indiana used as tho principal medium of transport on the waterways of th? country, continues to maintain its popularity. An official report shows that in the last five years the build-A certain lot of nnd situated in i he |nK nf canoes in  has Inc ream
1931: four in the range South of *,..1 to»~,, ; and othor pieaimre craft In Canada ship ( I/»t 1 lî-S )—together with the jnrj(1(jefl cedar and spruce from Hr it buildings thereon erected and appertain- jsb Columbia and Ontario; bass word, ing.	butternut, oak. birch and maple fr >n
1931: Canada::~angling resources of  are f<
1931: Canada::~annual HUiisciurriuN : Anywliorv in  .
1931: Canada::~As a matter of fact, the constitution of the Association states that it is "Non Military," and It Is therefore with particular Interest that we note that the Boy Scouts Association has Identified itself with the League of Nations Society of  for the purpose of circulating a petition throughout the country on the subject of "World Disarmament by International Agreement."
1931: Canada::~away. It was probably because of the Record Sardine Catch	all eggs sold iu  be candled, by the Cavalry, and 0..24 per cent, by
1931: anywhere untroubled. He was prob- , . ^Jrl .old bl thê~ tlsliern^en as freeIy- ^he per capila yearIy con* no fewer than 2,414.000 individuals, or ably right, ns a Chinaman invested J	f	. l)0 ) H . sumption of eggs in Canada is approxi- 40 per cent, of those who served suf-
1931: Okanogan, Wash —~The forecast of an early and void winter for the of Indiscriminate destruction of human Northern states. Canada and Alaska life;
1931: Canada::~wonders of the world. It is 3000 miles the case In 1030. says " Week	hears and beavers,
1931: Canada::~long, with a roadway along the top1 By Week." It Is estimated that 20.000 , lm|jalia ()f the Colville reservation broad enough to admit two cars to eases, each containing thirty dozen m that bet>3 have selected wild drive abreast, with forts which can eggs, will be exported to Great Britain h( highi wlde and ample, for pro-accommodate from 500 to 1000 men. from . This marks a consider-A most interesting place is Ma Lan able revival from the exports In 1030 Yu, but little known owing to its In-'which totaled approximately 6.500
1931: Canada::~every Scout In  to get behind j ^HE SCOUT QUESTION BOX. We it and use every effort possible lo are aiway8 giafi to answer questions.
1931: Canada::~In egg grading regulations  African War
1931: Canada::~cate that the consumption of eggs in  is considerably higher than that of other countries.
1931: Canada:Canada:~curious to remark that wheat, rightly considered as a most essential commodity, regularly gives a harvest each month distributed over the different parts of the globe. Thus In  we reap our wheat In August. In Western Europe they reap at the same time. In Scandinavia the harvest comes in September, in November in Peru and In December In Australia. In the Argentine, the country which competes with , wheat Is harvested In January. In February It Is India's turn, and In March the harvest comes in
1931: Ottawa.—~Canada is replacing the Egypt, also a great producer and pur- United States in the British market veyor to Britain. In May wheat Is for canned salmon and for the first reaped in China and Japan, and in nine months of the present calendar June In Italy and Spain
1931: Chicago—~Approximately 40 per Up to the end of September, accord-cent. of the 150,000 airplane miles lag to the current issue of the Com flown daily by scheduled lines 1n merclal Intelligence Journal, the the United States Is now aj night, | United Kingdom imported from Can a marked Increase over a few years ada 102,000 cwt. of canned salmon, % ago. The Department of Commerce while Importations from the United has lightened 17,500 miles of air- States totalled 96,000 cwt. During the way, most of which 1s equipped with same period last year Canada's share radio directive and communication was only 47,000 cwt., while that of facilites and weather reporting ser- the United States was considerably
1931: 4 N OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. /% List of wanted Inventions and run Information sent free The Ramssy Oom* pa»7, A or Id Patent Attorneys l U «~$*0* Street. Ottawa Canada	____
1931: Canada::~is 's standard remedy. It outsells all other cough and told preparations. BETTER—that s why—and DIFFERENT
1931: Canada:Canada:~01 the 1,6<1 tons of talc and soapstone reduced in  last 8.512 vas were exported. Practical iy all the ta!.' found in  f. i Ontario aid the eosi stone front Quebec. Cental!ine talc Is ni»w used extensively lu tao ceramic Industry fur the manufacture of varions kinds uf the and to mix with cement to give It greater plasticity • n orcirr to produce a smooth surfaced concrete.
1932: Canada::~will meet at the home of Mrs A. K. Wilson, on Wednesday, Jan. 13th, at 2 00 i>. m. Program :-The New Canadian Contiribntion to , by Mi«a Sarah Campbell. Roll call s "DontV for the New Year.
1932: Canada::~Production of gold In  during
1932: Ottawa.—~According to a recent report the salt mines of Canada not only I produce the finest and purest salt In the world, but contain sufficient quantities to supply the needs of this country for hundreds of years to come.
1932: Canada::~Imported salt is declared not as good as Canadian salt, as It is packed under conditions not as scientific as the plants In  where no human hands touch the palt from the mines to your table.
1932: Canada::~For their own protection, and for the suport of Canadian employment, used In developing Canadian resources Canadian buyers are urged to buy salt mixed and packed in .
1932: Canada:Canada:~Bird banding has afforded much new and valuable scientific Information concerning 's native wild birds and any person who finds a banded bird is requested to help in the advancement of this work by reporting the details to the Commis sloner, National Parks of , D* partment of the Interior, Ottawa. An Interesting fact brought out by a recently reported banding operation Is recounted here.
1932: Canada::~A new radium source has been found In  at La Bine Point. The pitchblende discovery from which radium Is extracted, Is expected to end
1932: Canada::~Says  Strong in Day of Trial
1932: Canada::~strength being exhibited by  In to that en,I he remarked that he ad-
1932: Honolulu, Hawaii, Dec. 30 Discus •~>im nt a trade treaty between Canada md New Zealand was continued here today by lion. 11. 11. Stevens Canadian Minister of Trade and Commerce, and <1 >n. 1 luwnie Stewart, New Zealand Minister ef Finance. It was the third
1932: Canada::~n a New Years message to the pic of , Premier Bennett t “~Good times will come again, only for Canada, but it was fervently hoped for all the world aa well.
1932: Canada::~Letter than before.* People of Saskatchewan, lie said, are grateful for the lielp from the rest of  to tlie or is lmrdhit by continued draught and dropping prices.
1932: Canada::~to  IS yearn ago, taking »i|» % farming at I’m tage du I oi l Mr jX Pry Mi was a mwulier of the I’nited * Church during Ilia months of reside i
1932: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1932: Canada::~British Columbia stands third among the provinces of  in the value of its manufacturing production, being exceeded only by Ontario and Quebec. It ia followed next in order by Manitoba.
1932: ! •~ . Her hu. band. Dennis Devenu*, and she rame to this country after the Civil War because they always had pictured Canada as a place of freedom. Her first home was demolished during the cyclone that struck the district and caused the loss of her, birth certificate, a piece of sheepskin on which her name and the of her parents were written.,
1932: Canada::~Ont., thus bridging the only gap in1 the grubs now when they are all lo- tigl cxcess 0f imports over exports, the Trans- highway in the cen-|cated in the stomach of the horse. No but, through high tariffs, increased
1932: Canada::~Extended to Women tral part of .
1932: Canada::"Notwithstanding the troubled condition of the world at large, ’~s position is fortunate, in that she is a producer of raw materials which are in world demand and which can be produced in Canada at low costs. Provided finances are capably administered. Canada should be able to meet all of her obligations, at home and abroad In our opinion, the Canadian problem is largely an internal one, namely, of bringing about strict economy in expenditures, both public and private. We believe that public opinion has become so focussed upon and is so sympathetic with the necessity for economy on the part of governments, municipalities and private corporations that substantial economies
1932: Canada::~The collection of data in  the available water power resource of the Dominion is the responsibility of the Dept of Interior, which through its Dominion Water Power	i _i d
1932: : OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. List of ufinrcd Inventions end full information e«~nt free. The Bemesy Cow -peey. World Ratent Attorneys. 273 Rin* Street, Ottawa. Canada.
1932: Canada::~- Dental Magnesia, a superior tooth! paste that safeguards against acid-mouth. (Made in .)
1932: iâ~ Canada's standard remedy. It outsells all other cough and cold
1932: Canada::~Hon E N. Rhodes  a Finance Minister
1932: The tablets stamped Bayer won't fail you, and can’t harm you. They don t depress the heart. They don’~t upset the stomach. So take them whenever you need them, and take enough to end the pain. Aspirin is made in Canada.
1932: ‘~ CANADA BRAND” a twelve-hour Floor Enamel, hardwearer and wonderful finish.
1932: Canada::~Old Country Rovers of several years Scout experience are being sought by the Hudson's Ray Co. for apprenticeship iH)8ta in  have been tn touch
1932: England::~It should be reco 4 Public Schools n> ttv* old established of , which ar mo>t part by tin eufs. w ho pay big" *¦ education, at these should not be con ft with the “~public srp, in Canada.
1932: Canada::~Maritime Relic of Karl y Occupation In  Stands Alone.
1932: Canada::~Mrs. Kdey was very popular with all who knew her. She was a devout member of the United Church of , and worshipped at Aylmer United church.
1932: Canada::’~s tourist trade is valued at 30U million dollars a year. It is not commonly realized that a large proportion of this is the direct product of the fishing and hunting advantages of the Dominion. Recently, an American esti-mateplaced the number of their anglers and hunters at 14 millions. A goodly proportion resides in the states bordering Canada and can be persuaded to try sportsmen’~s luck in the better stocked Dominion. It is claimed by the Canadian Forestry Association that the woodland attractions of Canada can be realized upon to the extent of many times the present revenue from tourist traffic without spoiling the hunting and fishing for Canadian citizens.
1932: CANADA::~' The  STARCH CO.. Limited. MONTREAL
1932: Canada::~Among the older varieties of one should read well, but it must Ikj seed tlix in , Primost, a admitted that oral reading and the variety distributed by the Min- material use of the j>en—or pencil—do nesota Experiment Station, has count for what t!; -yHI|| probably been	>wn
1932: Canada::~Novelty, Ottawa 53 and Crown, t wo varieties developed in  are a little later in maturity ami frequently outyielded Primost.
1932: Canada::~ANNUAL SVIlMCKimON Anywhere in  .
1932: Canada::~1930  made 420 muffs valued at' ^he multi-engined airliners
1932: Canada::~fur exports of  in l nited Stair
1932: Canada::~of the Supreme Court of , first time in the history of Ohio bta
1932: If we were to select examples for con- primarily to establish a new method sidé~ration, the principles on which ()f n,aking the government's regular Canada solved her racial problems are Inspection of the operation of the^c worthy of investigation
1932: Canada::~about  ma> look on it as] eliminating sound frequencies above
1932: Canada::~ed  by tho fortunes of > The results Indicated that the titt«i:
1932: Canada::~Footwear in . No experience necessary, we teach you how for i let*
1932: The ideal dentifrice teeth and healthy gums is Phillips’~ Dental Magnesia, a superior toothpaste that safeguards against acid-mouth. (Made in Canada.)
1932: •attle industry, where they are paid tilings a wet k with food and •nothing, ami In that climate clothing won id not be a very important coni’~.r the most part they where the whites cannot exist, ind their numbers steadily decrease. It is a reflection on the Australian people that they have not provided reserves for these people as Canada 'll it a done for the Indiana, and as the United States tardily did for the remuant of the red race within its territory.—From the Time-Globe, Saint iobn, N.B.
1932: Canada:United States:~Great Britain is at present buying more bacon from  than from the .
1932: Canada::~A report issued by the Dominion Bureau of statistics recently shows that imports of bacon into Great Britain , not including hams, in
1932: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1932: Canada:Russia:~Halifax. May 26. Eight alien a brought here from various parta <d  and sentenced to deportation as active communists, have expressed u desire, in the event of their appeals to the Minister of Immigration failing, that they he sent to Soviet  rather than their native countries. It was also understood that because harsh treatment is sail to be the lot of men deported as communists to certain counties, ou their arrival, the Dominion Government was inclined to be lenient ; that Moscow lmd been communicated w ith, and had cabled an official welcome.
1932: Canada::~In the midst of a world of depression, the Gold Mining industry of Ontario has risen to a new record production. The Gold Mines of the Province in 1931 produced precious metal to the value of 43 Million Dollars, which is 20 per cent, in advance of the output for 1930, and four-fifths of the totai gold production by the Dominion of .
1932: Canada::~For Geological map* and exploration reports of specific areas, and for general Information, apply to T. F. SUTHERLAND, Acting Deputy Minister of Mine*, Parliament Building*. Troenfb, .
1932: Do you know that we are showing1 the finest range of Young Men’~s Suits ever. We have joined up with one of Canada s best Clothiers and are able to give excellent values.
1932: Canada::~uid Eastern , as compared with |	The Family
1932: Canada::~Central  Exhibition Ottawa.
1932: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To 
1932: Canada::~Tn addition to the Imperial Economic Conference which will open In Ottawp on July 21st there will be another event In  this sum.
1932: Canada:United States:~ble .is total In  was un Jan. 24. 1926, on which occasion the path of totality swept across western Ontario, crossing the Niagara into the  and passing Into the Atlantic Ocean near New
1932: Canada::~Haven, Conn eclipse the next one to he visible In  will he In 1954.
1932: President de Valera, fresh from his I those declsoins will he precious and alarums and excursions about the enduring. If the Free State's reaction Oath of Allegiance, is seriously con- as illustrated In her fantastic tariff sidering whether he had better not policy, serves as a symbol of her at tiro me to Ottawa himself. Merchants tude towards the Ottawa Conference, of spices and cotton are coming from she will be the ‘wallflower" of the India, and tea planters from Ceylon, imperial hall.—~Dublin Weekly Irish There will be men there from Kenya | Times, and Uganda, rubbing shoulders with the official delegates of Australia and New Zealand and South Africa, roads of the Empire, all trade routes of the seven seas, lead these days to the capital of Canada, where the Ottawa runs down to the mother of Cana-
1932: Canada::~Several parties of scientists from other countries are coining to observe the eclipse and Montreal will he one of the principal points where these parties will concentrate in order to take advantage of the facilities and co-operation of McGill University. From  Week by Week.
1932: Canada::~The total capital Invested In the water-power industry in  Is now about $1.514,000,000 and of tills
1932: Canada::~most hush fires are preventable. Is hydro-electric power, it not time that they were prevented, much larger amount than is invest-Menace of Faulty Headlights I and that those who cause them, either 1 ed in any other single industry in It would be interesting to know how by act or negligence, were punished?  except agriculture and trans-many motorists, reading the warning|—Melbourne Australasian, given by Hon. Leopold Macaulay, Minister of Highways, about the Importance of headlights, have bothered to
1932: Canada::~In the midst of a world of depression, the Gold Mining industry of Ontario has risen to a new record production. The Gold Mines of the Province in 1931 produced precious metal to the value of 43 Million Dollars, which is 20 per cent, in advance of the output for 1930, and four-fifths of the total gold production by the Dominion of .
1932: Canada::~For Geological maps and exploration reporta of specific areas, and for general Information, apply to T. F. SUTHERLAND, Acting Deputy Minister of Mines, Parliament Buildings, Troonto, .
1932: Canada::~The Globe Indemnity Co. of  The Union Pire, Accident and General Ins. Co.
1932: “~ Canada's Largest Fire Mutual "
1932: Canada::~And aside from Percy Williams? Well,  can point with pride to Johnny Fitzpatrick, I>eigh Miller and Bert Pearson, all first string sprinters and certain starters at I»s Angeles where they will meet the world's fast-
1932: Canada::~The five year plan of national advertising which is shortly to be launched b> 40,000 Canadian growers. In cooperation with Jobbers and shipper* throughout the Dominion, will give, we think, a very real impetus to the fruit and vegetable industry. , whose products of the soil are unexcelled, for too long has been hiding her light under a bushel. There have been many striking illustrations of the power of publicity, expertly applied. The California growers, for Instance, have made this continent citrus fruit
1932: Canada::~Of the con petition in oni hu id red and thirty-five fields of sport  is represented in every major *ptivit>, sending teams of reasonable promise in both field and aquatic spor*s.
1932: Canada::~trouble is that these women are	gen-	tournament in	which , Great
1932: Canada::~So much for the middle distance? where  meets opposition that. N ^ york
1932: Canada::~things seem to be pretty much of ft HlmulUneous increase of 10 per cent, the production of gold in Quebec ft toss-up with  standing as good |r pay rol|g would	end	lhe unemploy-	April was at a	rate of	almost	$10,-
1932: Canada::~finding Lddie King, Jack VN	alker, Bail j	eordjng t0 Mr j Vlleever Cowdln,	pany of  Limited
1932: same three countries fought bo wh it was adjudged a tic at Amsterdam. V dispute, as friendly as it was spirite 1, arose over the quvstioif of the title—~ each team claiming it. With the controversy still at white-hot pitch the United States proposed a play-otT on the spot. Canada enthusiastically accepted but Great Britain was unable bo accept the challenge and all three Bright Prospect»	|	London's Population	teams sailed homeward without an
1932: Canada::~Alberta Is congratulating herself I a continuing decline of population agreement having been reached. Such that never before, since the province jn the administrative County of Lon-' i* one of the outstanding memories of became a grain producer, have the|(lon (.0ui>lecl with a large net increase 'the last Olympiad. , with a
1932: Canada::~to Its commercial activities the Potash Company of  Limited will continue
1932: Montreal, Que. —~ The largest im portallon of Clydesdale horses into Canada since 1927
1932: And then there’s Hank Cieman—~ a fighter who is as likely as any to bring Canada a first place in the 50000 meter walk. Hank set a world record of 4.47, and one of his strongest competitors will be John Mahan, another Canuck.
1932: Montreal, Qu«~* vatQ celery in Canada between June and October, transplant it In Her muda and harvest It for export Canada in February
1932: Canada:Canada:~expert will arrive in Montreal shortly to plant the first scheme would advance the opening of celery shipments from Bermuda to  by two or three months. This year 25,000 crates will reach  front Bermuda.
1932: Canada::~took fourth place for  in 192?	.
1932: Canada::~and seating 1 2d.000 people. This w'1! The postman expects everyone on gram for mapping and exploration of b' the scene of track and held ath- his rounds tp take things as they mining areas In  Is being car-loties, gymnastics, finals of the eques-1 come.	rled out this summer by the Depart-
1932: Canada::~A report Issued by the Department of National Defence shows that 495 aeroplanes operated In  last year, covering 7,046,276 miles and carrying 244,208 persons. While, in addition, 11,119,821 one.mile trips were made
1932: * Increased Saving" from lessened incomes involves a drastic cutting down of ordinary expenditure, which is the reverse of beneficial for the general community. We are not, of »urse. speaking of luxury spending I To: ito, out — Tii •~ Toronto Indus-or miscellaneous outgoings, hut of I trial Commission announces that the spending on the general maintenance! Erie Resistor of Canada. Limited, of one’s proper standard of life. To I manufacturera of high r restrict that—if one’s Income is rea I products used in the radio industry
1932: Canada::~Seven firms manufactured aircraft la .
1932: Canada::~In the midst of a world of depression, the Gold Mining industry of Ontario has risen to a new record production. The Gold Mines of the Province in 1931 produced precious metal to the value of 43 Million Dollars, which is 20 per cent, in advance of the output for 1930, and four-fifths of the total gold production hy the Dominion of .
1932: Lake, the Rouyn. The next rich producing area will be Matachewan. This ramp fortunately fell into the hands of some of the country’~s finest pioneer exploration and development operators with the result that it has come to the front rapidly, and this fall Mining Corporation of Canada, one of the last Cobalt companies to survive, will bring its very rich property, the Ashley, Into production. The construction of the mill Is now being rushed.
1932: Canada::~Trade Agreement Almost Ready Between  and South Africa
1932: Canada:Canada:~negotiations of the confer Following the surer which resulted in trade agreement-Between  and Australia a year ago and between  and New Zealand this year, similar one with S taken some time ago.
1932: Canada::~The Globe Indemnity Co. of  The Union Fire, Accident and General Ins. Co.
1932: Canada::~-TA#  Car"
1932: Canada::~THE WAWANESA MUTUAL INSURANCE CO Y "  s Largest Fire Mutual "
1932: A statement just issued - by D*1 j seene of tlie tr«gr^«~iy shortly afterDominion Bureau ot statistics estimates wards and will likely hold an in the total of Canada's trade in farm pro- | quest. The body was removed to ducts for the fiscal year 1931—32 at Moyle's Undertaking Parlors at 6308,728,201 ; of this amount #224,728,- Qny on.
1932: Canada::~So successful has been 's effort in bringing back the buffalo that a second time it became necessary k> dispose of the animals sur- | plus to the grazing capacity of the great fenced reserve near Walk weight, Alberta.
1932: Canada:France:~  Treaty Must Wait
1932: Canada::~ern . h from th
1932: Canada:United States:~ANNUA I. HVH8CRIHTION : Anywhere in  To 
1932: Canada::~through your paper our sincere thanks for the help that Mr. Leu Yeflhe, Aid. Geo Bushman, of Ottawa and District Branch of the Amateur Atheletic I nion f , gave ns, and al>o to all ,
1932: Poland:Spain:~The list of countries that will man stations in different parts of the world Includes Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada. Denmark, Great Britain, Estonia, Falkland Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Japan, Mexico. Netherlands, Norway. . , Sweden, Switzerland, and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and Turkey. Even nations that do not appear i) n this list are not indifferent to the Importance of the Second Polar Year.
1932: The accession of Princess Victoria marked the commencement of an era of unprecedented industrial expansion in Great Britain. The founding of The Bank of Nova Scotia likewise marked the beginning of a new era —~ it was one of the early steps which led to the development of an independent corporation banking system in Canada. Today The Bank of Nova Scotia serves its customers with a nation-wide system of Branches and old established world wide banking connections. It places at their disposal the accumulated experience of a century of successful banking.
1932: “~ Canada's Largest Fire Mutual
1932: Canada::~Dominion Exports  Leads World Maintain Balance In Paper Export
1932: Canada::~August Trade l igures f avor- I* irst Also in Export of Nickel able to  by	And Asbestos Second as
1932: Canada:Canada:~The growth of the automobile in da airy. In  as elsewhere. Is on# of the moat remarkable Industrial developments of the twentieth century. 's export of automobiles for the fiscal year 166. the earliest date for which figures are available, amounted to 67 cars only, with a value of $63,329. The record of the export trade
1932: Canada::~Nearly 50 per cent of In fautfle deaths in the Dominion of  last year occurred In this
1932: Canada:France:~In the left calendar year the United States led with an exCanada s customs aud excise reven. port of 82.457 passenger cars and 48,-ue In August decreased by $1,807,-1 248 trucks compared with 339,813 pas 830 from the figures for August, 193L 1 senger cars and 196.758 trucks In 1929. In the first five months of the cur other countries which rank above rent fiscal year, the drop was $3,-  In automobile export are the 531,886 compared with the same per.; United Kingdom and , the dlf* iod a year ego
1932: Canada::~The contract calls for the payment  increased from 28.54 to 30.24 of 195,000 on delivery of the rein-] pounds, deer
1932: Canada::~It la coating  an enormous flu iu of money to meet her Interest
1932: Canada::~any. World Patent Attorneys. J ,3 i Street. Ottawa. .
1932: ium iihI to, «~Mio tires in Canada have f Campbell 3 destroyed |iro|X'i ty valued U "' er Ç11
1932: lb-lb H«~h1 ri?;> 1. d I be Dominion of Canada or of the Simon Hooch, Lot 12, Lange ».
1932: Canada::~i as to principal iminion of , lion.I- an 1 a certi-l to make up an
1932: ANNUAL ü~UIMCRIl'TION : Anywhere in Canada To United State»
1932: “Aspirin”~ Is a trade-mark registered In Canada.
1932: Canada::~The Globe Indemnity Co. of  The Union Fire, Accident and General Ins. Co.
1932: Canada::~THE WAWANESA MUTUAL INSURANCE COY M 's Largest Fire Mutual "
1932: Canada::~Street. Ottawa. .
1932: Canada::~Is now to actively operate in .
1932: Canada::~with about 9,000 members, tended to carry on the international work here through the new organization, the International Accountants and Executives Corporation of .
1932: A now if I hadn’t persuaded him to stay la and help me out. His devotion—”~ her | in Canada.
1932: Canada::~Just how serious is the loss occas-sioned to  agriculture by the weed nuisance is shown by the report of the Associate Committee on Weed Control of the Canadian Research Council. This body which has been investigating the most important ques-
1932: bushels the committee considers that | ^ automobile.—~New York Sun. at current prices weeds mean a loss of $40,000,000 to the farmers of the three prairie provinces alone. Rural Canada is up in arms about taxation, but a leak that represents a loss of $40,000,*
1932: Met of wan ten I mentions and •~'ull Information sent free. The Ramsay Com-any. World Patent Attorneys. 273 Rank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
1932: Canada::~a me to tli roons from Jamaica told in the  \\
1932: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To 
1932: Canada::~f  grasped more, thoroughly
1932: Canada::~to  and as a forester.
1932: Canada::~The Fire Insurance Oo. of  !
1932: Canada::~"Aspirin' is a trade mark registered in .
1932: Canada::~There Is a considerable significance attached to an official inspection of the Pere Marquette lines In  this week. A year ago the annual vistl of the officials was cancelled for financial reasons. As the officials look over the division with the Idea of making improvements there was little use in coming last year, when funds were low and the outlook dim for revenue Increases— St. Thomas Times-Journal.
1933: TME WAWANESA MUTUAL INSURANCE CO Y “~ Canada's Largest Fire N|utual "
1933: N OFFER TO EVERY INVENT* »K. List of »snted inventions and full Information sent free. The B*m»»y Jom-pany, World Patent Attorney»~. 273 Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
1933: The following excerpt from a statement just issued by the Dominion Live Block Branch, is of special interest at the present time. “~The passing of the Bill covering the United Kingdom Canada agreement as the outcome of the Imperial Economic Conference, had a stimulating effect on the market for various classes of meats in Great Britain as well, the raising of the special duty on Free State cattle from 20 percent, up to -10 percent., and the loss of 10 percent. preference by the Irish Free State, have been bullish, factors in the cattle market
1933: Canada::~In a review of the dairy situation in  recently J. F. Singleton, Dominion Dairy and Cold Storage Commissioner, stated in part :	“The year 1932
1933: Canada::~is the fourth year of declining butter prices and has been a difficult one not only for those producing milk for the manufacture of butter, but also for manufacturers of and dealers in butter. At the beginning of the year stocks in storage in , while in excess of stocks in storage as at January 1st, 1931, were approximately the same as the quantity in storage January 1st,
1933: Canada::~The close of 85 years of service finds the  Li.E standing solid as a ruck amid the wreck of private fortunes and the insecurity of other forms of business.
1933: Canada::~The soap and washing compounds industry is a fairly substantial onp in . There are 68 establishments engaged in it with a capital investment of $ 18,C40,715, employing 1,648 persons. The total annual output of the various products runs over 118,000,009.
1933: Canada::~Ordinarily Canadians are not notably loquacious, but statistics show that .they continue to hold the distinction. as tney have done for the past few years, of using the telephone more than the people of any other country. Last year the number of calls or conversations checked against the 1.402,861 telephones in , totalled 2,500.000,G00 Including 37,490,867 long distance calls, an average of 250.5 calls or conversations per head of population and 1.872 per telephone, which was higher than for any other country.
1933: United States:Germany:~lation. In total number of telephones I The clay products industry of Can-Canada is fourth. The  I Ida finds most of its raw materials holds first place with 20.068,023; n the country, and research is being  is second with 3,182.305; I m^hed forward continuously with b real Britain and Northern Ireland | ’lew to the development of l . Is third with 1,886,726
1933: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1933: Canada:United States:~Any who Vo in  .. $1.50 To 
1933: Canada:Canada:~It fa evident from a recently Issued iffleial report that the hand - power washing machine is rapidly passing Into the discard in Canada. Of the 86,058 washing machines made in  annually, 67,577 are electric machines, 10,288 for operation by other power and 8,193 are hand machines. The total value of the 86.058 machines is 19,391,711 of which the electric machines accounted for $8,807,068, other power machines for $440,851 and the hand machines for $143,792. The use of electric power for a variety of domestic uses is becoming rapidly more general throughout the country. In most places In  electricity, is a very cheap product owing to the abundance of water-power, from which m >st of the electricity used in the Dominion Is generated.
1933: Canada:United States:~ ranks third among the silver producing countries of the world. The four largest producers of silver re Mexico, the . Can-ida and Peru in the order named.
1933: with them the body of the deputy sion, but it eluded her, flickering in rvstrfcted Issue of paper currency cul- M«~ export trada, we have austnli^ which, owing to some breach between and out against the background of mjnates jn disaster. 1 may point out, ed substantial rebuffs In the orm o the officials of Danbury ami those on memory like i firefly against a dark moreover that we lu Canada do not h Ightened tariffs against our pro-
1933: Toronto.—Possibility that within Berlin—~General Italo Hal bo, Italian the near future the weatherman in Minister of Aviation, disclosed In a Canada may be able to forecast rain recent interview that the mass flight at four p.m. tomorrow instead of pos- of twenty Italian planes to Chicago sible showers during the latter part next spring will follow the northern of the day was brought to the atten- air route taken by Captain Wolfgang tion of the Royal Astronomical So- von Oronau, German round-the-world ciety of Canada here last week.	flyer.
1933: Canada::~The speaker, Andrew Thomson of Captain von Gronau, who had a long the Meteorological Service of  conference with General Balbo, a vlsl-Tallor and Cutter, which we have seen, I reported on “polar front" theory of tor here, made stops In Iceland, Green-are coustlc. Those of the adjutants I y,e Norwegian physicist, Bjerkness. land, Labrador, and at the cities of and sergeant majora of the old school, According to Mr. Thomson, investi- Montreal, Ottawa, Detroit and Chicago which we have heard, are unprintable. gStions in Europe of this “polar when he began his world flight which
1933: Canada::~fallen'In . This total Is a 60 *°*ave abandoned that Insular outlook Tobacco Surplus Reduced ‘’lanea from lta,y and that tieûeral ?er cent. Increase over that tor the ""Icb mad« their pictures too foreign poronto.-Hon. T L Kennedy. Min-	Pa,J*«r,nl "ou'd be ln command.
1933: Montreal.—~Ten tons of Ontario onions, believed to be the first lot ever shipped from Canada to the French West Indies, will leave Halifax for Martinique on the freighter Chomody on the day before Christmas, Marti# Ique is the island on which the Em-j press Josephine of France was nor#' and brought up.
1933: Canada::~" '» Largest Fire Mutual *
1933: Canada::~on the school rink, aft*r which re Western  as a result of the
1933: Canada::~goal fora three year campaign throughout  to rehabiltate the funds, declared Most Rev. I. O. Stringer,
1933: Canada::~A general reduction on gasoline prices throughout  of 1$ cents per gallon, took effect Monday of last week, announced Victor Ross, \ ice*President of the Imperial Oil Company, Limited It is stated that the lower price affects all grades of gasoline, and is due to a reduction in the price of crude oil.
1933: Canada::~canned foods sent from  to Great Britain a few weeks ago has been completely disposed of, according to a statement that appears in the December issue of “Canada” published in London. The |	Canada
1933: France::~x in a lottery failed in his action. PfCe suinably he failed because the ticket was purchased by the Ottawa man when visiting in . The defendant in the case is a rich man, but few or nob =•!> wished to see him lose, regarding •the action by the Carp citizen as unsportsmanlike, and feeling that there would be just as much moral guilt in his getting the money as in the other man getting it. The law ought to be amended without delay to prevent any further actions of the kind. If ft person is to lose his winnings in a lottery those winnings ought to go to the state and not to an informer. The law says that there «~hall be no lotteries in Canada, except those conducted for church or chanty, but the law is constantly broken and no protest comes from any audible source against it. It is a law behind which there is a lack of preponderating senti-A great deal of money crosses the Atlantic from Canada every year as an investment in lotteries conducted in Europe. Very nice prizes in the form of cash are sometimes realized by the Canadian investors.
1933: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1933: France:Canada:~The National fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: Canada:United States:~annual subscription : Anywhere in  To  ..
1933: that, as a measure British bac >n producers, the Government^ the United Kingdom, m order toraist the price, ha. already placed quantitative restrictions on the quantities of pork products importe l into the Failed Kingdom." states J. F. Singe-to *, D uniuum lUiry and Cold Storage Co nmif sionë~L "Canada is assured free entry for a maximum of 289 mJlt m pounds an mi illy of bacon and ha im gpod u iality. Since b.tc >n and dives# are both protein foods and arc to a great
1933: Montreal.—~The per capita consumption of apples in Canada haa decreased 10 per cent, during the past five years, the average being 29.7 pounds per person per annum as compared with 31 pounds which was the per capita consumption in the five years from 1921-26;
1933: Canada:Canada:~It cannot truthfully he said that 1932 was a good year for Canada but the Dominion did remarkably well despite the world-wide impasse. Here are a few facts front which may be extracted a liberal measure of comfort. Last year  retained world leadership in the export of wheat, printing paper, asbestos ; was second in gold, platinum, and cobalt ; was third in wheat flour; fourth In automobiles and wood pulp; fifth in rubber tires.  concluded the year with a favorable trade balance of $50.000,000 contrasted with an unfavorable balance of 110,000,000 in 1931.—Kitchener Daily Record.
1933: Canada::~We wonder why so many people ap- downtown theatres. It is a genuine pear anxious to spend the Winters In relic from the P*st, even to the ante-Florlda. The Garden of  is diluvian heroine with the rural accent surely inviting enough for anyone, and who I>TX)ves to be au opera singer In It's only about ten weeks to the first dis&uls* Even to the company man-
1933: •tare them In the face every day.—~ I Feminine Canada Spent London Dali, Herald.	|	#,946,292 On Cosmetics
1933: Canada::~The output of 's
1933: Ottawa.—~The tendency of a water-soluble salt when "*rd as a preservative against decay to climb up the sap-wood to the top of the poles when they are placed In the ground has been the subject of investigation by the Forest Products Laboratories of Canada, Forest Service, Department cf the Interior. Work conducted in connection with this investigation Indicates that poles treated with such water-soluble preservatives as zinc chlorides, are not Immune for an Indefinite period to fungous attack In the vicinity of the ground-line, the most vlunerable point, be cause of the tendency of the salts to gradually creep up to the upper part of the pole.
1933: Canada::~The total forest area of , including the 82,200 square miles of forest on agricultural land, is estimated to he 1.1 51.454 square miles, and of this about 1.100,000 square miles are essentially forest which can he utilized to the host advantage under forest
1933: Canada::~ever since. He was a son of the In loving memory of a beloved wife and Lto  to start life anew cn a points, late Mr. and Mrs. William C. Hod- mother, Mrs. Jas. Mee, who died Eeb. soldier’s settlement, gius.	3rd, 1931.	I A year ago his voice left him c/;m-
1933: were 1 ounded at the Moscow and	ril,‘ri,‘~s of. Canada, which lie north	much further in the future. Tor-	lurgcaf producer, with	New Bruns-
1933: Canada::~the population of , ex
1933: Canada::~The rural population of  at the last census numbered 4,792,135 ot which	.
1933: Canada::~Of the 728,623 farms in  281.044 or 38.5 per cent, employed hired labor for 7,368,671 weeks at a cost $100,425,980 for cash and board, making an average of 260 week a per farm at an average cost of $13,60 a week.
1933: Canada::~Within an hour's motor ride from Edmonton, Alberta, lies one of 's principal animal reserves—Elk Island National Park.
1933: Canada::~John Joynt, ex-M.P.P. for North Huron, Ont., is one of 's largest and most ruccessful farmers. He operates 1,400 acres of land in Wa-wanish township and harvested In one year 2,500 barrels of apples from his own orchards. From. 65 acres of potatoes he took a crop of 18.000 bags of No. 1 quality, besides quantities of lower grades. One of his best investments, giving him the greatest amount of satisfaction, he says, to a missionary cow, which he bought for a frontier minister in the west. The letters ot gratitude he receives from time to time give him so much pleasure that he wishes he had a small herd of them out west doing the same work.
1933: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: Canada:United States:~annual subscription Anywhere in  .. To  ..	-
1933: Canada:Canada:~There are nine distinct pine species nttive to , of which oix are of great commercial importance. Eastern white pine is the most valuable coniferous wood in . Up to a few years ago it vas the most important in point of quantity exported, but recently there has been a relative scarcity. The Western white pins is similar in most respects to the Eastern species but does not form extensive pur. stands. It is confined to the Province of British Columbia. The
1933: Canada::~red or Norway pine of Eastern  is harder and more resinous than the white pine, and the tree is a valuable source of structural timber as
1933: Canada::~A N OFFER TO EVERY IN V UN TOR. List of wanted Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ram :ay Company, World Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street, Ottawa, .
1933: Canada:Canada:~There are only two species of the g nus commonly called cedar in . They are both of great commercial importance, each in its own region as their ranges not overlap. The wcod of the cedars is the most durable coniferous wood grown irl the Dominion. The Eastern tree, white cedar, is found from the Atlantic to the south-east part of Manitoba. Cedar is preferred to all other native woods for shingles and for all structural work exposed to moisture, enor-n ous quantities being used for poles ar.d fence posts. The Western red ce-c.ar is one of the giants of the Pacific coast, being surpassed in size only by the Douglas fir. Its wood is made into shingles to a greater extent than any other wood in , and it is also sawn into lumber.
1933: Canada::~guaranteed fully up to the standard. All pure first weave wool, equal to the most expensive cloth made in  for strength, warmth and durability.
1933: Canada::~Tour dealer will supply you with the fln-t quality  West Indies Molasses Write for folder.
1933: CANADA::~THE  STARCH CO. LIMITED. MONTREAL
1933: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1933: France:Canada:~The Hational Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: Canada::~Anywhere in  .. TofUqlted States
1933: Canada::~Indications have appeared already that pessimists in  are to be hunted down and hounded into the wilderness during 1933. There lias been a pretty steady sniping at the "pessimist" during the past two and a half years, but the coming months will see him being pursued with violence anil unrelenting fury. He will he anybody's meat, and it will almost be safer to be accused of having committed arson than to he charged with pessimism. The pessimist must be muzzled.
1933: Canada::~It is now announced that all-Canadian cod liver oil is to be manufactured In Halifax. This is one of the fruits of the Imperial Conference at Ottawa, and should be a cause of much rejoicing among the juvenile patriots. Hitherto most of this medicament has been produced In Norway, but in the Mother Country as well as In  a duty was placed upon the imported product. Possibly it will not taste any better than the foreign oil. It cannot, we hope, tastV any worse.—St. Thomas Times Journal.
1933: Canada::~branch of the Engineering Institute of  at the Physics Building, described methods and progress of th» undertaking.
1933: Canada:United States:~The experience of , which fosters branch banking, has furnished a powerful argument for broadening privileges now so narrowly restricted in the . In comparl-n with our l nl of nmre than
1933: Sd a machine which tells scholars ’~/1 Canada has not had a single failure they are early or late for school.
1933: Canada::~Imperial Tobacco Company of , Limited
1933: Canada::~a N OFFER TO EVERY INV 3NT0R. A List of wanted inventions and full Information sent free. The Ram:ay Company, World Patent Attorneys, 273 Sank Street. Ottawa. .
1933: Canada::~The estate of the late Rt. Hon. F. A. Anglin, Chief .Justice of , amounts to approximately $50.000 and is left to bis widow. The sum includes $28,000 life insurance.
1933: THE WAWANESA MUTUAL INSURANCE CO Y •~'Canada'! Largest Fire M^wal "
1933: Canada::~j Broadcasting Commission have now issued regulations to govern radie broadcasting in , which have been approved by the Cabinet.
1933: Canada::~bulk of the wheat surplus Is in , and we will have virtual command of the wheat market this year.
1933: Canada::~Such news bulletins as are release#, regularly from th? various bureaui of Canadian Press for the express u.* of broadcasting stations in  f/K-al news under arrangements U l>e made by each station individually with its local newspaper or newtpa pers, or such news as it may roller « through its own employees or through such collection agency or agencies si -7 be employed by the said station
1933: “~The suicide and homicide experiences of Canadian policyholders are low. Year after year the Canadian suicide rate runs from one-third to two-fifths the American figure. Suicides, in 193*2, actually declined in Canada in contrast to a considerable rise in the l ni ted
1933: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: The Division of Forage Plant»~* Central Experimental Farm, Ottawa, U devoting considerable attention to the matter of securing leguminous forage plants which will thrive on add soils which are poor hi fertility. Such plants would he of great value in parts of Eastern Canada and many places in the Mai time provinces where clovers alfalfa cannot be grown successfully without liming. Several new acids tolerant plants have been introduced recently and these are being tested in the forage crop nursery at Ottawa as well a#I# on several Branch Experimental t Farms. One of the most interest X ing of these recent introductions ? is an extra early strain of les- I pedezA, the same kind of crop f which has proven such a boom to I agriculture in Southeastern United i
1933: Edmonton. —~ Somewhere between here and Kvansburg is Canada's first Chinese
1933: The Federal Government, with the co-oi>eration of the majority of the Provincial Governments of the Dominion, is about to complete the preparations for the great World’~s Grain Exhibition and Conference which will be held at Regina from the 24th of July to the 5th of August. This Conference-Exhibition, which should have taken place in 1930 and which was delayed on account of the economic crisis, will draw the attention of the whole world upon Canada, rightly called “The Granary of the British Empire”, and to the Canadian Provinces participating therein.
1933: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of  '
1933: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  ..  ..	..
1933: Canada::~It pays to buy good paint/  Paint covers 425 square feet two coats per gallon. Job will last outside from 5 to 7 years. Cheap paint will cover around 225 square feet two coats per gallon and only lasts from 2 to 3 years.
1933: Very gratifying reports are being received from Canadian trade commissioners In Great Britain regarding the f steadily increasing popularity of Canadian tobacco—~almost entirely from this part of the country. According I to D. S. Cole, yf Bristol, Empire to-J bacco cleared from English bonded i warehouses had grown from 1.600,000 pounds in 1919 to just on 47,000.000 pounds last year. Of this latter quantity 10.699,493 pounds were from Canada. The largest quantity was from Nyasaland, over 15.000,900 pounds, I Canada coming next, with Southern Rhodesia and British India close be hind.
1933: Canada::~you took all the apparatus of tele-1 (iay* when compared to what it was graph, telephone and radio in North ,ornu*rly. may be made a sort of sport-America, says Professor Herrick, and ing event* Ten millions of British can compressed it into a two-quart jar. you ,>e weI1 settIetl  with much would still have an affair less bewild- less effort than the original half-dozen eringly intricate than the human I British settlements were made in our
1933: “The problem undertaken was to Paris.—~Honor loans to permit needy I compare results in comprehension, w ith stores and provisions and back I students to complete their course in I nmount of memorizing and altitude oh-from Canada to Britain w ith cargoes | the University of Paris were of great I tained by teaching poems to children
1933: England:Canada:~turers of  Trading Into Hudson's Bay. and ever since then ships have sailed from Britain to 
1933: The Dominion Government ha* situatedl on main street, Portage du obtained a renewal of a *f>0,000,000 loan i ->rt. \ .11 be «~old a a real bargain for from the charted banks of Canada at ya*h, or terms 1 he build,ng is su.tab e
1933: Canada::~Economic Conditions in  Show Further Improvement
1933: Canada::~The economic conditions in  | «,ul'V un,il on*“ lon«. 001,1 "Inter when
1933: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  .. To  ..	..
1933: Canada::~The fall rye crop in Eastern  is not an important one from the standpoint of total production in relation to other cereal grains, but nevertheless, it is a very useful crop for certain purposes and conditions. ' Possibly it has its greatest value in that it can be seeded on light land of only fair fertility and can be expected to do better than any other class of cereal under these conditions. It may be used for pasture, hay and ensilage, or as a grain crop. It is useful as a cover crop and fof ploughing down to enrich the humus content of soils. Owing to its rapid growth it is particularly valuable in controlling weed. The grain is utilized for feeding live stock, for milling into Hour and in the brewing and distilling industry. As a food for livestock it is not quite as palatable or as valuable as other cereals but when ground may be used to good advantage in substantial quantities—up to 35 j»er c*»nt in combination with other grains for fattening hogs and beef cattle.
1933: usa:Canada:~Mr. Rudyard Kipling's address of welcome to the Canadian Authors' As-hit ion in London was listened to with pleasure by tens of thonds of radio users all across  well over forty years the celebrated Anglo-Indian's name has been a household word throughout the Dominion. Children have been enthralled by his Puck of Took's Hill.
1933: Canada::~to .
1933: Canada::~when , first of the new comes to her soul and her
1933: THE WAWANESA MUTUAL INSURANCE CO Y “~ Canada s Largest Fire Mutual "
1933: Paris.—~As the first direct result oi the recently signed Franco-Canadiail trade treaty, France has granted Canada a tinned salmon quota fol 13 months beginning next October of 74.GOO quintals, with a value of 30,000,000 francs, as compared with the
1933: Canada:usa:~owned, foaled and	trained	in . I	thonds.
1933: Canada::~Three year old Futurity for trotters, owned, foaled and trained in . Cup and estimated purse $3,000.00 The cup for this event is donated by the Toronto Driving Club.
1933: Canada::~Should a postponement be found necessary it will be made to the following morning at ten Vclock. It will be seen by the conditions that the Futurities are carefully designed to encourage the breeding of standard-breds in . All races with the exception of the 3 year-old and-under trot and the 3-year-old and under pace will be raced on the three-in five beat plan, terminating at the end of the fifth heat unless two horses have won two heats each. In the latter case the two heat winners will continue until one horse has won three heats. No conditional
1933: Canada::~Its history dates from 1879, when Toronto, the Capital of Ontario, was a hopeful centre with a population of about 95,000 compared with 856,618 at present; when the total population of all  was less than 4,000,000 as against 10,500,000 in 1933; when there was no transcontinental railway across the Dominion, when motor cars and aeroplanes were things merely dreamed of, and wireless telegraphy, the radio, and motion pictures had not even entered the most vivid imagination.
1933: of the same breed, bred, owned and clas8eg for Toggenburgs, Saanens, An- te.r^ e< < s 0,1 bb',w *’~in be mingIing exhibited by a resident in Canada. gIo Nubian, and Grades.	* *ith many a m,IVrun ,an-
1933: Canada::~l ^canned States and the nations beyond the seas will exhibit their natural and manufactured products in beautiful, permanent buildings of stone arid steel. The greatest
1933: Canada::~Between 40 and 50 of these camps are located in the north, with the majority of them scattered along the links ot the projected trans- highway.
1933: Canada::~Under the new relief agreement between the province and the Federal Government, considerable road construction apart from the trans-, will be undertaken in the North.
1933: “~Although normal recovery is making headway in Canada and although we .ire individually and collectively getting
1933: Canada::~The 300 delegates from all parts of  will discuss in open forum readjustments in public finance, in (industry and commerce and in agriculture I Twelve Newspapers Per Year Crowd as well as the economic unity of the |	Eskimos* Reading Time
1933: Canada::~He is Kristoffcr Lynge. a sturdy Greenlander, thirty-seven years old. who lives at Godthaab, on the west coast. His news-I paper is Atuagagdliutit, or Freely Dis-The trade of " suffered (less tribu ted Reading—so-called because the from the world-wide depression than cost of printing and distributing its most of the principal commercial | copies is borne by the Danish govern
1933: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: Russia:United States:~second place in the production of gold and zinc ; in output of copper she occupies third place, and fourth place in the production of wheat, automobiles and lead. In the production of wheat in 1932 Canada was exceeded by , the  and China.
1933: •~domestic exports. Canada ranks	high	This he would insert	in the	heel	of his
1933: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  .. 
1933: Canada::~forest-fire loss in  over a ten-year	T
1933: Canada::~period was $10,061.001. According to the Hunting or trespassing on Lots 11. Canadian Forestry Association.  13 on Range 8, of the township of normally has 5.000 forest fires in one part (tendon, is strictly forbidden. Part e or another of the forest lands in the coun- f d doiDg a0 will be delt with as h try to contend with and nine out of ten "	..	•
1933: Canada::~Tho Canadian loan in London was subscribed five times over, which means that we asked for $75,000,000 and were promptly offered $375,000,000. And. as though that were not enough, the bonds are now being quoted at 1\ per cent, premium. The British, quite clearly, are in no doubt about . —Ottawa Journal.
1933: Canada::~The Dominion Government has announced minor changes In custom house practices intended to facilitate American tourist travel in  this summer. E. S. Matheson. hea 1 of the Automobile Club of Michigan’~s touring bureau, reports. Under the new regulations announced by Oliver B. North, assistant commercial attache, of Ottawa. tourists are not required to make u deposit for duty purposes on previously used equipment such as guns, rifles, fishing tackle, golf clubs and cameras taken into Canada on a vaca-
1933: Canada:Canada:~such matters is only too anxious to be departure from , duped. As a matter of fact, it may be, dogs and pets taken into  by said that everybody in Great Britain ; tourists need only be reported for en-must at some point have had famous try. people among his ancestors, if only he i were able to trace his lineage. For in Bulk of Wheat Sent
1933: Ottawa.—~Of the 240.136,568 bushels ' i of wheat exported by Canada during 1 the 12 months of the crop year, ending July 31, of this year, 156.461,736 busbies were shipped to the United Kingdom. This was an increase compared with 101.564.164 bushels exported to that country in the previous year.
1933: Canada::~Lord Aberdeen, former governor-general of , has just celebrated his 86th birthday. Occupancy of Rideau Hall certainly seems to contribute to the longevity of the King's representatives and their spouses. Among others the-Duke of Connaught celebrated his 83rd birthday last May, Lady Dufferln Is about 90, and Princess Louise, widow of the Marquis of Lome, U 85.—Montreal Star.
1933: Canada::~d Mrs. I)an Stewart ns a quartet;	College of Optometry of .	Pwul * Church by the Rector, Rev.
1933: Canada::~More ammonium phosphate was sold in the Prairie Provinces than In any other part of  last yeagj| I the records show more of this material sold to the prairies than any other fer- up the4r heads at three months, sit up tlliser, no doubt on account of its con* unaided at six months, stand at nine centrâted ferUllsIng properties.
1933: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: Canada::~operations throughout  is continuing, many additional branches of industry showing improvement. The heavy industries, which are usually among the last to share in a general upturn, have become more active. The Dominion Steel Corporation has sufficient orders for steel rails on hand now to keep the plants busy for the remainder of the year. The number employed has already been doubled. Textile plants continue to operate at or near capacity with orders that will keep the mills busy for some time. Leather manufacturers and boot and shoe factories likewise are well employed. Newsprint production in June 'showed a considerable increase over the same month a year ago luncous plants report more varied conditions hut most of the country's manufacturing industries are operating on a better basis than for many months.
1933: Canada::~Official figures just issued show that Vancouver during the crop year ended July 31, 1933, was the leading grain exporting port in . Total shipments amounted to 97.502,207 bushels, of which wheat accounted for 91,712.728 bushels and coarse grains 5.789.479
1933: Canada::~There were 2,734 factories in operation in  in 1932, comprising 1,219 creameries, 1,171 cheese factories, 317 combined butter and cheese factories, and 26 concentrated milk plants. The total number shows an increase of 32 compared with 1991
1933: Canada::~4 N OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. /X List of wanted inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay pany, World Patent Attorneys. 273 Street, Ottawa, .
1933: Canada::~Shipments of live stock from Western to Eastern  for the firstj thirty-one weeks of 1933 totalled 33,945 as again it 23,191 head in the corresponding period of last year.
1933: Canada::~Toronto, .
1933: Canada::~For some years jotato growing sections ot  been reminded of the neees-
1933: Canada::~The POSITION which this Bank holds today in the financial structure of  is not a result of
1933: Call—~Why we should be proud of Canada.
1933: Canada::~A  with twenty or
1933: Canada::~there was imported into  14
1933: Canada::~despite the fact that  has tremendous deposits of iron ore wait-
1933: Japan:Canada:~It is gratifying to learn that the humanity is the same now a< it alw ays amount of lumber exported from Bri-1 was._Sydney Bulletin tish Columbia last month exceeded that of any other month in the history of the province. It exceeded the shipments of August, 1929. the totals being 75.432.000 feet and 73.077.000 feet, the latter the total for August 1929. the previous high mark. We are told that since the beginning of this year a definite uptrend in the lumber industry for this province has been noted, i that this has taken place in spite thc fact that the market in the United States and  has declined very considerably In recent months to be hoped that the increase in ’s shipments of lumber to the United Kingdom will he maintained.
1933: Canada:Canada:~It seems to us that the Dominion Trades and Labor Congress is unnecessarily alarmed over reports that preliminary steps for a considerable mlgiation from Britain to  are now being taken flood in ’s direction is possible. But the time is coming, and it is not so when we shall be needing population and it is only sensible
1933: “~My experience of meat was gaine 1 rears ago in Canada/’ he said.
1933: Canada::~4 N OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. List of wanted Inventons *nd full Information sent free. The Sarnia;? company, World Patent Attorneva. 273 Bank titreet Ottawa, .
1933: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: Canada:United States:~vwhere in  
1933: Ottawa.—~The Government of Canada I [f we publish things from other will be represented at the Royal Photo* | papers, we are too lazy to write— graphic Society Exhibition to be held in London in November dlan Government Motion Picture Bu reau has prepared more than 126 large I not attending to business In the of*
1933: Canada::~But there are new puzzles. I see that this Station reports that the quality of tobacco is Improved by continuous growth on the same land. Why? and why is it that legumes, with rare ex-\VKBVV Iceptions, cannot be continuously grown cfrb on the same lands? Why. and why the ..CRtT exceptions? Why will that roistering pest the  Thistle refuse to grow with alfalfa? and why will it grow sue-WHEN I ccssfully with alfalfa's first cousin. WUR J sweet Clover? An endless array of Whys awaits the investigator, for so wondrous is nature that every time she solves one mystery she opens up
1933: “~One of the most important works of the year Stewart. Federal Minister of Public Works, as he declared the new , harbor of Leamington Ontario, officially open. Missing from navigation routes for twe generations, Leamington, now ketchup capital of Canada. I is revived as a port In order to facilitate the distribution In Canada and abroad of agricultural products from the area. Photo shows: Hon. Mr. ! Stewart with H. J. Heinz II as the first freighter, S.S. City of Windsor of Canada Steamship Lines, is loaded with cargo for shipment to Africa t end Eng’ccd.
1933: Canada::~Toronto, .
1933: “~Hitch-11 iked" Acrosa Canada Will Parent»~, Then Sailed for England.. London.—A gill of It who “hitch hiked”~ across Canada, from Vancou to Montreal, with her father am mother, then sailed alone for Kng land, reached the home of her nun at North wood, Middlesex, recently.
1933: Canada::~The foundation of a more prosperous poultry industry in  has beefi laid in the amendments to the egg grading regulation.* just announced by the Department of Agriculture. Conditions to-day are vastly different than they were when grading was first established in 1I1S» Now, because of
1933: Canada::~1 Street, Ottawa, .	______
1933: Canada::~seven resident.farmers, while twelve had broken even and six had suffered Dropping in  I losses. Mixed farming has been the
1933: Canada::~The new regulations are the result of much study by the Department and are a distinct advantage in the marketing of one of 's most valu able agricultural products.
1933: Canada::~to  became
1933: Canada::~Since September,  has menved to take a place among the more impôt tant suppliera of eggs to the
1933: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1933: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1933: Canada::~London.- Development of air service* to  was mentioned by Sir Eric tiedde*, formerly Minister of Transport In the British Government
1933: Canada::~t umstancep,  is likely to bel The Ups and Downs of Radio Life
1933: Canada::~plete harmony between Britain and .”
1933: Canada::~was * issued in 1888 by the Dominion of  and bears photos of Right Hon the Earl of Aberdeen, K.T
1933: Canada::~Toronto. .
1934: THE WAWANE3A MUTUAL INSURANCE CO Y “~ Canada's Largest Fire tyutual”
1934: Canada::~warden read it and signalled to the,  and Franco Incurred similar
1934: Canada::~What uie popularly known In  at "aoft dr'nks," offiiclally termed jfon-alcrnollc carbonated beverages, ste coFsumed in substantial quanti-tie-, at the recently issued report on the .^<?i• V*d Wf »er<i* Industry for 1932 iisclo**ss.
1934: Canada::~A N OFFER TO EVERY lNVENTO% f\ List of want. Inventions and full Information sent free. The Bameay Coi*ss pany, World Patent Attorney* 27? Han* Street,	.	^ •
1934: Canada::~guard and protection, some of the reasons why Government graded beef all over  is being sold at the rate of nearly 3,000,000
1934: Canada::~quince, and is being carefully s H.rncy varies in color from wa ci at geverai centres in  by fcne
1934: Canada::~Uniform Law in  For Operating Trucks
1934: Canada::~It was even declared  might have to import butter from the United .States before further domestic supnlies arc available.
1934: Canada::~From villages in the highlands of Scotland, to lonely lightkeepers on the fc lrge of the English Channel thence to , New Zealand, India and all between, the threads of the Empire were close drawn.
1934: Canada::~His Majesty spoke after a medley of Empire voices had told of sunlight on Antipodean beaches of bright and frosty weather in , of a tropical night in India.
1934: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1934: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1934: Canada::~Strlking Indications of the Improvement that has occurred In world wide trade, as well as of the steady gain In many industries in , were among the outstanding features of tbe addresses submitted at the annual meeting of the Bank of Montreal.
1934: Canada:Canada:~Sir Charles Gordon, the president, In tho address to shareholders, stated that practically tho world over trade was better than a year ago, and that in , for tho better part of the year, definite Improvement in business had been going on. s external commerce had also grown in volume.
1934: Canada::~over ouo .
1934: Canada::~"In contrast,  is fortunately circumstanced In that It Is a young country, with an abundance of nature's gifla, with a hardy people, self-reliant and free of traditional hatreds, and with an inspiring past and u boundless future."
1934: Canada::~Au apple festival lia j been held in  in celebration of a very important anniversary hundred years ago, according to the ancient chronicles, Pierre Martin, a French settler in Nova epired perhaps by planted a number of apple-trees, and found both solace and satisfaction In watching them mature and iruitify Others followed his example and. in of time, the valley where he
1934: Canada::~from it the torch of Christianity was passed from hand to hand throughout . Annapolis Valley itself lies to the west of Nova Scotia, or Acadie as it was called hy the French. It is roughly one hundred miles long, and its beauties, notably In apple-blossom time. inspired Longfellow to write fils great poem. "Evangeline". The village of Grand Pre, which h lies near the Windsoi
1934: Canada::~Kent ville, N.S., has embarked on probably one of the most Pxtensive campaigns ever undertaken in  to control illness
1934: £~	Toronto, Canada.
1934: Canada::~There is in  a belief that sentittl in feeding poultry.
1934: Canada::~Pall-bearers were : Willi mi liar- us the basis ot poultry rations rison, Robert McDowell. Alex , however corn
1934: THE WAWANESA MUTUAL INSURANCE CO Y “~ Canada's Largest Fire tyutual "
1934: London.—~Replying to the toast to Canada at the annual dinner of the Wolfe Society commemorating the 207th anniversary of Wolfe’~s birth, held at Westerham, Kent, Li cut .-Col. G. P. Yanicr, who was guest of honor, said as a descendant of the first settlers of Canada he was happy to pay tribute of admiration to the gallant Englishman Wolfe, with whose name he coupled that or‘ the gallant Frenchman, Montcalm.
1934: Canada::~one from Ontario. Conservative mena In some parts of the country, particu-tors are in a majority with 50 seats to iarly in Western , travelling 38 Liberals.	I cleaning plants take care of considerable
1934: Canada::~The  Life Assurance Co.
1934: France:Canada:~The National Fire Insurance Co., Paris,  The Fire Insurance Co., of 
1934: Canada:United States:~Any where ill  .. $1.50 To 
1934: Canada::~Imperial Tobacco Company of , Limited
1934: A N OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR, A Liâ~t of wantt * Inventions atid full Information sent free. The Bameay Oo paoy. World Patent Attorneys 27? Rank Street- Ottawa Canada.
1934: Canada::~Toronto, .
1934: Canada::~The death of William Gleun occurred at his home at Ray, Alberta, , on January 20th, 1934.
1934: Canada::~. at the age of 14 years. L
1934: “~ Canada's Largest Fire Mutual
1934: CANADA::~THE  .VI ARC II CO l tMITf f> MO’, i HUM
1934: Canada::~of , declared in «tides
1934: Canada::~General Motors of , Ltd,
1934: Canada::~Chief champion of the ladies was Dr.		.
1934: Canada::~"'s Place.”
1934: Canada:Canada:~adian National Railways and the Imperial Life of Canada and on the north side the great block of the Sun Life of  adjoining  House.
1934: of the White Star Line, Sun Life of steamer of '"e season but fal‘^ ‘°~ ,he wife of Beverley. No ill-feliug has Canada, Canada House, and the Royal do so. When frozen in she sect ^ resulted from the two divorce-.
1934: Canada::~Imperial Tobacco Company of , Limited
1934: Canada::~Toronto, ,
1934: Canada::~Mr. mid Mrs. Samuel Sinclair were the recipients of a number of presents and messages of congratulation on Monday of this week, the event being their 50th wedding anniversary evening a few friends called at their home when tea was served. The Rev. A. F. Pokes extended congratulations to which Mr. Sin-! lair ably responded. With the xception of one son Hilliard, of Clarendon, other members of the family reside in Ontario and Western , and consequently were unable to attend.
1934: —~in a country sv large as Canada, with many areas which have been rapidly opened up, particularly as the result of rich mineral discoveries, the selection and authorization of new
1934: Canada::~Geographic Board of , which was established by the Dominion Government in '897. The Board consists of 20 members, 12 of whom are mom of the Departments of the
1934: Canada:United States:~With regard to names of geographical features along the International Boundary, or which cross the boundary line, the Geographic Board of  maintains a close co-operation with the  Geographic Board, in the adoption of names which are acceptable to both countries.
1934: CANADA::~THE  STARCH CO. IIMTTFD MONTREAL
1934: Canada::~As if life isnt sufficiently difficult without red tape and regulations. Brrr. I'll stay in  thank you.
1934: Canada::~General Motors of , Ltd, as their Sole Agent for Shawville and district
1934: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  .  ..
1934: Canada::~lion papers, the Premier of , the man answered that it was Bennett. To the question who was Premier of Ontario, the man said Henry. But when asked who was the King of Great Britain, the surprising reply was Ferguson.— Trenton Courier-Advocate.
1934: —~If Canada shut off nickel from all the world, every nation would be on the same footing and the danger of war not lessened, for if history is to be believed, men fought when armed only with the bow and arrow. Much could be said for preserving our nickel resources for Empire use, but this would require joint Empire action.— Moncton Transcript.
1934: —~Canada and the Province of Ontario have their problems, plenty of them, but our general position is strong and when contrasts are made with many countries that might be named, our country stads out as a rock of towering strength. Never fear, Canada will come through with colours flying.—Windsor Border Cities Star.
1934: Berlin, March 18—Wilhelm Meyer-Foerster, author of the world’~s greatest stage hit, "Alt Heidelberg," known to Canada as ‘ The Student Prince," died to-day after a long illness was
1934: Canada::~Imperial Tobacco Company of  Limited
1934: Canada::~Ottawa, .
1934: Canada::~Toronto, ,	>
1934: Canada::~in 	|	<<A baby j8 not a vegetable. Neither
1934: Canada::~elected alderman in aH  Miss	an)Using itself. A baby needs
1934: Canada::~inquest was to be held on the follow- and, as far as can be learned, the I iuzhamtorg with headquarters I Kingsway Nurseries ing day, and no doubt he would be youngest for that civic office In at'Monte vido since its injection from}I Bowmanville asked questions. But he would not .	| Buenos Aires in 1931, plans to	—
1934: CANADA::~i THF  STARCH CO- LIMITED. MONTREAL
1934: Canada::~This will be gratifying news luscious peach, which it is said v,as j three problems, introduced Into  by French The sphere in I :u settlers in 1792, is one of our choicest every aide by equa
1934: The “gentlemen’~s agreement" between Canada and the United Kingdom contemplates that Canada will, in the first months of 1934, export not more than 20.202 head of cattle to the
1934: United States:usa:~The private bills committee of the House of Commons or Friday of last week approved a bill to provide for a new link between Canada and the . The committee approved incorporation of the Thond Island Bridge Company, which intends to construct a Canadian and part of an international bridge over the St. Lawrence near Gananoque, Ont., at a cost of nearly $2,000,000.
1934: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  
1934: Canada::~The Famous  Paint Luxor Utility'Enamel Rogers One-hour Enamel Muresco, all colors
1934: Canada::~Dominion Department of Agriculture for seed purposes, ami is now conducted in every Province As a result of the selection of plants 0f . Before crops are certified aud tubers over a three year period, they must pass careful inspections cl	with thirty samples received from
1934: There U no value in study of peace without conviction that pence is the one goal to be desired in the opinion of Bishop L. Ralph Sherman, of Calgary. The question cannot be settled In study groups alone, he told the Women’~s Canadian Club nt u meeting called for organization of groups for a program as outlined by th -t League of Nations Society in Canada.
1934: Canada::~Former Governor General of  Remained a Liberal to the End
1934: Canada::~Declaring she would carry on her public work as before the death of her husband, the Marquess of Aberdeen, one time Governor-General of , Lady Aberdeen revealed in her her eavement the affection and loyally which was the foundation of the life partnership of “We Twa.”
1934: Canada::~dangerous moths that infest applle New Zealand Trade with .	lation> attributes the increase pnn-
1934: Canada::~have killed this pest and I %ei 0f any consequence in  for ca(je than went from cities to farms, thus relieved the orchards of a men-1 gome considerable time. '1 he treaty, The number ot persons who moved ace for a period of years, perhaps four however, has been of great aid to the to farms last year who 951,000, while or flre.—Toronto Mail and Empire. wo0l industry. Formerly free all 1,178,000 moved away. The farm-
1934: Canada::~round. wool entering  is now bound movement involved 1,.>44,000 Learning to Fly.	I free only to Empire countries. As a persons in 1932 while those moving
1934: Canada::~Imperial Tobacco Company of , Liaaltad
1934: Canadian farmers intending to plant potatoes this year, especially Irish Cobblers, are advised by “~The pamphlet issued by the Dominion Department of Agriculture on agricultural conditions, to reserve their seed requirements at once, as the spring demand will probably exceed the supply. The production of certified seed potatoes in Canada in 1933 was the smallest in some years. Since harvest, the crop has also been considerably reduced by frost, especially in the Maritimes. While the usual Cuban demand is limited, there has been a strong early season market in the United States. The 1933 crop in the latter country was very short and a continued demand fur Canadian seed is expected.
1934: Canada::~A N OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. j\ List of wanted Inventions and full Information sent free. Tht Ramsay Company, World Patent Attorneys. 773 Bank Street, Ottawa, .
1934: Canada::~Toronto, .
1934: England:Canada:~the Priesthood of the Church of  in 
1934: England:Canada:~Lord Bishop of Montreal, will H>. v ) hold an ordination service, when two young clergymen well known to the residents of this district, Mr. Willard Elliott and si-ter, will be among those to be raised at | Miss Alfreda Elliott, spent a few that service to the priesthood of days uf the past week in Montreal, the Church of  in .	. .
1934: Canada::~THE WAWANE5A MUTUAL INSURANCE CO Y 's Largest Fire Mutual"
1934: Canada::~Conditions in parts of Western  worse than they have ever been, H n. Robert Weir, minister of agricul-told the House of Commons Friday I’rairie farmers are harassed anew
1934: Canada:United States:~Aliy where in  To  ..
1934: Canada::~Travelling Sunday School That Goes Through Western .
1934: Canada::~Winnipeg, then Primate of , I ,nkr careers, gave her permission to gu ahead with I If Berlin’~s example is generally near his home, Higham, Kent her scheme, and thus began the work followed Germany will have reason I This Dickens memorial is to in which	was so sadly needed	and	which I	to expect more from it than from	I	elude a group of collegiate buildings
1934: Canada::~Revised egg regulations are now legally in effect for domestic trading in all the Provinces of  with the exception of Prince Edward Island and New Brunswick general reports, the new standards are being found much more satisfactory than the old ones.
1934: Canada::~Toronto. ,
1934: SALESMEN WANTED—Mon wanted for Rn wlvigh Houles in Pontine County. Write immediately. Jtawleigh Co., Dvpt. CN-2.IÔ~ Sit. Montreal. Canada.
1934: THE WAWANESA MUTUAL INSURANCES Y “~ Canada sLargest Fire Mutual
1934: Canada:United States:~It is pleasing to find that in  there is a movement on to impress upon the residents the advantages of a visit to the United Slates. They are being urged to see the North American continent and are told that for those seeking a vacation outside of the Dominion a trip to the  offers enjoyment and many benefits
1934: Canada::~been thrown wide open for American visitors to .
1934: United States:Canada:~It is pointed out that visits to each other by Canadians and Americans would further promote the amity and good will existing between the two countries. And certainly this is so. The tourist trade from the  to  during the prohibition years was tremendous, and Americans came
1934: Canada::~Production c-f creamery butter in  for the first four months of 1934 amounted to 39,766,747 pounds increase of 4.2 per cent, over production in the same months of a year ago. 1934 was more than 6 per cent, higher than for April, 1933. The largest increase is shown by the Province of New Brunswick, where production jumped over 48 per cent ; six other provinces Dime and Shingles show increases and two show decreases. Bristol, Que. Phone 21 .7
1934: Canada::~play. Canned music has present generation musically lazy Ttiv swirling dust storms that have | St. Thomas Times-Journal, swept over the faterhn of W&e North American Continent require the seri eus attention of  and the Unit
1934: In spit»~* of h striking decrease In the total imports of bacon into Scotland in the flisr quarter of the year, shipments from Canada reveal a large Increase over Hie e cu responding period of 19-13. Purchases from Denmark snd the Netherlands were reduced in
1934: Canada::~/'non returning spring  gathers a harvest of the maple that runs into millions of dollars
1934: Canada::~He is commander of the Curiard liner Ascania which operates between  and Britain.
1934: 073; the produce of the four provin- CHICAGO- Mrs. Leonora % Meder ces—~Quebec, Ontario, Nova Scotia one of the United States best known and New Brunswick. This is a strict-1 club women, who is now president of ly native industry, having originated the Chicago business and professional with the Indians, Canada and the U- women's club, believes women belong nited States being the only countries in kitchens and homes and producing maple syrup and sugar. | clubs.
1934: Canada::~J	Toronto. .
1934: for Rawleigh Routes in Pontiac County. Write immediately. RawleighCo., Dept. CN 2.JÔ~-SB, Montreal, Canada.
1934: The Elmside Women’s Institute, will meet at the home of Mrs. Jas. Laird on Wednesday afternoon, August 8th, at two o’clock. Roll call—~The names of strange races in Canada, and the subject of meeting will be, “~Their contributions to Canada.
1934: Canada::~Figures just released by the statistical branch of the League of Nations  at the head of the list toward industrial recovery
1934: Canada::~What  did some years ago
1934: England:Canada:~for the buffalo in saving it from ex- heaviei.f a tinction, she is now doing for the j|Scovered in , muskox. The story of this curious foynd impossible to fit them into the animal whose home is in what are stomachers, stays, bodices and bus-known as the Barren Lands of North- tles their grandmothers wore, ern  and in the islands of the This may not matter much, but if Arctic Archipelago, is told by G. H. the widening out process continues
1934: Canada::~Blanchet.  has set comparatively inaccessible region east
1934: Canada::~The story of the present conditions in  is a heartening addition to the recent evidence of, interferes—
1934: Canada::~Whipping 's Lakes and Streams
1934: Is peculiarly fitted tu furnish This, of mcr complaint,”~ accounted for course, is the onscqiience of more deaths per 1,000 live births. Most of diffused education on the subject of tin sc were caused by had milk, had angling, and a new appreciation of the water and flies contaminating food, fuel that Canada will, Its unoccupied, „v mo	Ka,tr,,-intestinal death
1934: Canada:Canada:~published and given wide distribution, particularly In the United States, to a booklet describing the better fishing locations. Motion picture films, depicting fishing in different parts of  are also circulated widely, tending to create Interest in ’~s angling possibilities Whether it he sa1 mon or trout, bass | or mask I non go. Rainbow or Steel head the angler cat find It In Canada The tourist bureau of the Canadian National Railways In Montreal stands ready at all times to assist the angler to get properly located and to place him with a competent and reliable guide or at a comfortable fish-hig lodge. Anglers form a goodly1 number of the vas, army of tourists Missionary Monthly who visit Canada each year. They j to the press
1934: one of the nurse* of the Woman’s Misslorary SoeiH\ of the United (’~hurch of Canada, Miss Isabel Leslie of Weihwei Hospital, North Honan, China telling 01 a yong girl of 25 who was brought In with an enormous tumor which had been growing for three years. Every known device had been tried by the quacks on fhe street with no result, and finally they took her to the Mission Hospital. A tumor weighing 110 pounds was removed. The girl made a good recovery ”
1934: Canada::~Ottawa,  -To a great ma-
1934: Japan:Canada:~Japanese characters and it is being adopted in government offices and the more substantial business houses. The machine is more cumbersome than that used in Canada due to the greater number of characters required by the Japanese language. This increased use of the typewriter in  has brought about a great demand for carbon paper. The higher grades of carbon paper are supplied by Great Britain and , while the cheaper grades come from Austria, the United
1934: Canada::~Encourged l>y the enthusiastic support of manufacturers, merchants, farmers, and the public generally, the directors and management of the Central  Exhibition are confident that August 20 will mark the opening of the finest one one-week exhibition ever held in Ottawa. Grounds and buildings have been greatly improved in the last few months and never looked better. There has been a wonderful response by the governments and firms of all kinds so that every available location in the various buildings will be filled with an attractive an j educational display.
1934: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1934: Canada::~Toronto, .
1934: Canada::~PUBLICIZING THE PIG It an explanation of the apparent They rushed him across to a car preference for pork in  is a„d sat him in the back between sought it ma> perhaps, be found in them. They drove him out to a deso-the power ot advertising. The merits ]ate part of the country, and set to of various brands of hams, bacon, sau-i sage end other pork products are set forth consistently in the packing house advertising, but does any one recall ever having read an advertise, men* concerning a tempting roast of beel or a tender juicy steak.—Monc-j
1934: Canada::~['INVESTIGATE our courses In radio, 1 television, sound, broadcasting, operating, etc., before seeking training elsewhere. Radio College of , Limited, Dept. "W L.." 863 Bay St., Toronto.
1934: Canada:England:~Half-yearly statement Issued yesterday by International Nickel Company shows net profit of $10,012,642.00 I place in New Brunswick in for the first, six months in 1934, which | oration of the anniversary compares with $1,862,888.00 for the same period in 1933. After payment of dividends on the preferred stock, net was equal to about 62 cents per share on the outstanding common I gcot|a shore* stock. President R. C Stanley in a weighs half a ton may soon be taken letter accompanying the report, ad-110 suppjy a canning industry at Glou-vises shareholders that the company ce.eter, Mass.  has already es-has now taken second place in the tablished such an industry, while in world as a producer of platinum and ^ew  an investigation has first place as a produce: of palla- been ordered before canneries are
1934: Canada::~The recent increase in the price of silver should prove of substantial benefit to r. number of Canadian Mining Companies and indications are, In the writer's opinion, that higher prices will be seen for the WHITE METAL before long and , of course, stands to Benefit substantially from any such increase.
1934: United States:Canada:~From over the seven seas, from the Antipodes and the  come athletes who strive mightily with ’s best for world championships on land and water.
1934: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1934: Canada::~south and north bound) for fifteen  s Export oi tLL,gs
1934: Canada::~Toronto. .
1934: Canada::~The editors of the Montreal Star and the Montreal Gazette, two of the mist powerful organs of public opinion in , recently stated that rural and small town communities had no agencies so valuable for theit support and mainstay as the local newspapers They exptes-ed iegret that many
1934: Canada:usa:~There is a tremendous latent demand for goods of all sorts on the farms of Western . The farmer's standard of living is down, not because he knows no better but because he cannot help himself. The farms are depleted of consumption and capital goods. They need houses and farm buildings; they need implements; they need furniture; they need clothing; they need motor cars; they need a thond little things that the cities look upon as common necessities. But they can't get them until agriculture is rehabilitated. It is almost i as much to the interest of the cities to rehabilitate the farm as it is to the farmer himself that the farm should come back. —Vancouver Province.
1934: Canada::~Extent of  l videneed bv the cargo
1934: Canada::~1 here for seven months tTiat  has
1934: Canada:Russia:~Finland by a narrow corresponding period last year,  held fourth place being exceeded by Finland, Sweden and the Vni,ed:are doing a States, and in 1932 she occupied j onions. Recent place with Soviet  leading j amounted to 2
1934: Canada::~N OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. List of wanted Inventions and full information sent free. The Ramsay Company, World Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street, Ottawa, .
1934: Canada::~The textile industry in  will be investigated by the Stevens parlia-
1934: Canada::~Du ben Harris, 2nd Rev Howard, 3rd Display of baking from Western 1 to depend on the great multiplicity of Bud Findlay	 Flour—1st Mrs J J O’Rielly.	nerve cell connections rather than on
1934: Canada::~Remember Aspirin Speed and Aspirin Safety. And, see that you get ASPIRIN. It is made in , and all druggists have it. Look tor the name Rayer in the form of a cross on every Aspirin tablet.
1934: The Clarendon Women’s Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. Gordon Wilson on Wednesday afternoon, Nov. 7th, at 2 o’clock. Program-A pa lier by Mrs. J B. Corrigan. Roll Call —~ Household articles made in Canada.
1934: Canada::~It is inevitable that, with  a overcrowded.
1934: Canada::~chamber is the result of experiments BACON, EGGS AND MUSIC, conducted bv the National Research Sir Henry Wood invented the name Council of  upon the defrost- of Paul Klevonsky and published his ,	„	, ing of frozen foodstuffs and is oper- own work under that nam». He found
1934: Canada::~at the breakfast table and they kind- chjlIed products has been removed ly suggest that the President confus-  Week by Week.
1934: Canada::~The provincial highway debt of  in 1933 was $438.000,000 with annual charge» of 23% million dollars. Ontario led with $185,410,000 at 9% millions of interest on the average
1934: Canada::~finest of the finest popular singers every produced in . We understand he is a young Ukrainian from
1934: Canada::~forward to Sunday so he can lop ar- I ot-  Refunding Loan of 1934 ound the house all (lay because he | jias been .«ubscribed to the amount of Is too lazy to shave
1934: Canada::~States was out of the question because of the tariff, and the Maritime potato crop cannot be absorbed in .
1934: Canada::~Fed That They're Slipping  Has Corner
1934: Canada::~N OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of wanted inventions and full information sent free. The Bameay Company, World Patent Attorneys. 273 Rank Street. Ottawa. .
1934: Try this. Soon you'll feci like another person 1 Take cither the familiar liquid “PHILLIPS'”~ or the convenient new Phillips' Milk of Magnesia Tablets. Made in Canada.
1934: Canada::~Collections in Western  have been “spotty” on account of the failure of the crop in some sections but there seems reason to believe that as a whole they will be as good as the previous year.
1934: That inferiority complex that a pimply-sick •~kin brings to you, as well as the discomfort of the rash, the pimples and the bumps all yield to the softening influente of Mer Soap and the healing influence of Mer Cream. These two have long years of splendid service behind them, and look forward to becoming your friend as well. Scientifically made by Caulk of Canada, Limited, you can get them at Drug and Department Stores.	3
1934: Canada::~The Royal Winter Fair Horse Show next month carries on tradition by having a British judge for hunter and jumper classes in the person of Lord Dorchester, a descendant of Sir Guy Carlton, 1st Baron Dorchester, who was Governor of  in 1775-78 and Commander-in-Chief of the British troops in the American colonies in the stirring years of 1781-83.
1934: Canada::~Lord Dorchester, on his visit to Toronto will be accompanied by Lady Dorchester, who also conics of a family with intimate associations with Canadian life. Her Ladyship is Kathleen, daughter of the last Baron De Blaquiere, whose father was Chancellor of the University of Toronto in 1850-52, and a member of the Legislative Council of Upper .
1934: Canada::~provision for appeal to a tribunal which Montreal millers declared the British lean formulate a binding proposal basing flour was coming into  through it upon the “present and prospective Montreal and Vancouver in “fairly large | capability of the debtor to perform the quantities
1934: “Property and Civil Rights.” The term court, shall have exclusive jurisdiction in the Act which is new in the law ot “~bankrupt was originally applied back under the Act, subject to the Appeal Canada. It provides that \\hene\ei .tn> in early days only to fraudulent persons. Court of the province.	| rate interest exceeding seven per cent 1-
1934: Canada::~Bankruptcy is not fraudulent when j ever it is approved by the court or when ' the amount owing on such mortgage and claims are beyond the capacity to pay., it has been formulated and confirmed by ' interest to the time ot payment, together Until the passing of the Bankruptcy the Board of Review the court may with three months' further interest in Act by the Parliament of  in order tin* farmer to execute any lieu of notice, no interest shall after the 1919 there was no bankruptcy lcgisla- mortgage, conveyance or other instrn- expiry of the three months period relion as hurt, although the provincial ment n.ecess,lr)' t0 «iv« effect t0 tbe ferred \°. bc 'hargeable, payable or legislature» had to a degree sought to ProlM>8al-	recoverable in res,se t of the sa d
1934: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To 
1934: United States:Canada:~turc firm Williamsburg, Ont., is being intently watched by the industry thioughout the  and . The firm, representing an investment of more than $S5,000 and headed by the prominent Canadian steel magnate, Meyre Brenner, is filming in sound the stoiy of the famous doctor of that village. Hex Beech is at hand supervising the filming, which tells the story of the life ot the famous healer and weaves a romance as well Little studio filming is to be done, with most of the production taken outdoors with a 00 percent native vast.
1934: Canada::~Remember these two points; Aspirin Speed and Aspirin Safrtfj. And, sec that you get ASPIRIN, the method doctors prescribe. It is made in , and nil druggists have it. Look for the name Bayer in the form of a cross on every Aspirin tablet. Get tin of 12 tablets or economical bottle of 21 or 100 tablets.
1934: Canada::~Ottawa,  ]
1934: Canada::~or neuralgia often in a few minutes! the method doctors prescribe. It is-An Aspirin tablet begins "taking made in , and all druggists hold" of your nain practically as have it. Look for the name Bayer in soon as you swallow it. And Aspirin the form of a cross on every Aspirin is safe. For Aspirin does not	harm	tablet. Get tin	of 12 tablets or eco- -	'•	nomical bottle	of 24 or 100 tablets.
1934: yen push food parti dee between your teeth: The uark, moist warmth of the mouth furnishes She perfect condition for quick decay which •orne into live bacteria. An unclean mouth is dangerous. Mer Dentrifioe and Mer Lotion are Scientifically made to pleasantly help you form •~he clean teeth end mouth habit. Made by Caulk of Canada, for more than 50years manufacturera of material» f or dentists. A two-weeks'
1934: CANADA::~THE  STARCH CO. LIMITED. MONTREAL
1934: Canada::~Announcement was made recently of the appointment of Frank A. Young, shown above, heretofore general Eastern passenger agent of the Canadian National Railways at New York, to be general manager of the National Terminals of , Mon. treal. Mr. Young succeeds Alexander Fleming, who is retiring üft^r many years of service. Frank A. Young is a native of Winnipeg, who received his first experience in transportation with the Canadian National Railway.
1934: Canada::~( d ) It would be in order to have the to the board of directors of the Bank of Government put on a free dentist ; also  will certainly take place in Ot- a free nurse) a8 the people are now be-tawa at the first meeting ot the share- jng informed that there are twenty-one holders ot the new bank on January 23, diseases of the body traced to defective more than 200 nominations were rcceiv- teeth, and owing to the times are unci by the Department of finance.	able to have attention.
1934: Canada::~More Than 200 Nominations For Bank ot  Director
1934: Canada:United States:~Any where in  .. To  ..
1934: Canada::~A N OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR ^ L,st of wanted inventions and full information sent free. The Bameay Company, World Patent Attorneys 273 Bank Street, Ottawa. .
1934: Canada::~r mental develop- in  it is always a complicated I tw0 outboard motors in
1934: Canada::~<n Nostrils. Leonard Ear Oil has been on the market since 1907. Mac jin ; 51.26 at Canadian druggists. Descriptive circular sent on request.
1934: Canada::~Communistic principles will not be tolerated in this district or anywhere else in , Mr. Justice Borneo Langlais, Quebec told 1G foreign-born laborers convicted * of participating in riots at Noranda Mines last summer, in sentencing them at Amos, Que., last week to two years each in the penitentiary and deportation. A 17th striker, recommended to the clemency of the court, will be deported after serving *i.\ months in jail.
1934: Canada::~Rt. lion. R. B. BENNETT, Prime Minuter oj , to the Canadian Association of Tourist and Publicity Bureaus, Noitmber 6, 19)4.
1934: Canada::~Jor both these reasons, may I urge upon the people of  the importance of showing consideration, courtesy and honesty to guests of our country? Let us all do those little acts of kindness which count for so much when one travels in a strange land.
1934: Canada::~t/fs a nation, wc arc advertising abroad the attractions of  as a holiday land. We must sec to it that our guests return home with only the
1935: Canada::~It is a striking examole of the strides We in  are accustomed to Princess Marina, on view at St. James 1 alace, where the public	For the work was commissioned by
1935: Canada::~It will be of interest everywhere owner 15 caPtain of hls own ship and in , particularly in university conductor of his own than. ‘ centres, to learn that a student from I kind of a vehlcIe having four wheels, one of the Dominions has worked a brake and a gas engine becomes
1935: Canada::~far deeper significance than the colour of a flag or the waving of a hand. His Royal Highness c mes to , this year, has imported I Australia in a dual role, as an indi a 00,000 rases of oranges from South vidual and as the personal repre-Africa. There’s another juicy text tentative of His Majesty the King, for the advocates of trade within the | B 13 the latter role which kindles the Empire.—Winnipeg Tribune
1935: Canada::~and illustrates the new Head Office Pudding now in the course of erection for Imperial Bank of . The building will stand at , south-east corner of King and Pay Street , Toronto, and will house the chief Toronto Branch as well as the Head Office executive and staff. It is to be a bank building, six stories in height with a frontage of approximately one hundred feet on each street. The building will be on lines of classic beauty, dignified, characteristic ami thoroughly modern in the utilitarian sense. It will be a striking example of what can be accomplished in Canadian design and construction with Canadian materials. Every thought has been given to the employment of Canadian labour, both in the purchase of materials and equipment and in the actual construction of the building
1935: Canada::~Imperial Bank of ,
1935: Russia:Canada:~The Siberian wheats imported by Dr. Aamodt when he came to the University of Alberta from the University of Minnesota 6 years ago are Caesium and Multurum. developed by n natural scientists 10 years ago to meet the drought conditions of Siberia, which arc almost exactly like those in the southern parts of 's prairies.
1935: Canada::~Both Caesium and Multurum however, have low grade milling qualities which would obviate their popularity in . It was to achieve milling excellence with drought rests-
1935: Company, World Patent Attorneys’~ 273 Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
1935: may be obtained through any «~bat-bee supplies in Canada.	Kurt lu »
1935: Canada::~The total alfalfa seed pi eduction in  this year lias been less than v normal but fortunately is of sufficient quantity to compensate in part, though not entirely, for the unusual shortage ol led clover and alsike seed.
1935: “~Starting Bight with Bees interested in queen rearing, bee anatomy, have not been negletected and reli-ible book* on these -objects are avail Two monthly jour n a Is are published in Canada, “The Canadian K-e Journal* and L Aeille et L Erable,’~ while two other good journals having a wide circulation in Canada an
1935: Canada::~clover seed in all ill" principil seed producing countries, and so far as  is concerned, tin* smallest red clovei seed crop h ir vested in many years.
1935: Canada::~Quebec and F astern Ontario produced must of the red clover seed grown in  this year, the amount of which est mated at only 1,500,000 pounds.
1935: Canada:United States:~Much of the red cloved seed sown in  in recent years has been of the typical hardy Canadian strain which is better adapted to Canadian conditions than seed from any other source. The limited Canadian production this year is largely seed of the hardy type, but unfortunately the total Canadian supply is only about one third of the total rmal Canadian demand for one seed . Bed clover seed when obtainable n seiicen from Northern  or the
1935: Canada::~more northerly countries of Europe, is acceptable as a substitute for Canadian seed in times of domestic shortage in , but because of the almost universal shortage this year, adequate seed supplies of this kind will be difficult to obtain from any source.
1935: Canada::~In the outlook for the future there are many reasons that justify the hope for a continuation oi the betterment experienced in  during the past year, declared Sir Charles Gordon, President, in his address delivered at the Annual Meeting ot Bank of Montreal. “There is comforting statistical evidence that our resources are so large and so varied that when one door of opportunity closes another always opens. It has truly been said that Canada’s salvation is that she is still a land without a frontier ”
1935: Canada::~One of the landing iiPm1- 111 1 consisting of- Mesdames Harold Clarendon, was found dead in a trails  airway is to oe	|-jHye-, Clarence Hayes and Edgar bush on the property of Mrs. Sam
1935: wo Rivers, Madawa k ‘~ Enright, who celebrated the Sun- The late Mr. Laughren was in Kilaloe, sites of three tie - day morning mass, stated that lie his 58th year, and except for a few now being constructed md	thought it might iiave started years spent in Western Canada,
1935: Canada:United States:~would be complete between Mexico City annd Halifax, that cars built for , the  and Australia, where long distances were to be traversed, would always require heavier cars and more powerful engines than those designed for smaller European countries, and that newspapers were the greatest present medium for moulding the public mind, expressing a wish that they would use their opportunity to foster world fellowship.
1935: CANADA::~AIR MAIL TO .
1935: Canada::~Since we have now reached a point at which the air mail to  must be considered an immediate question, the seadrome has become a practical problem, albeit an extremely ticklish one. The Americans claim that artificial islands of suitable design for the use of aircraft can be constructed and employed with success. We have still to see one, but If the claim be granted, who is to make them and who is to operate them? Are they to he internationally planned and controlled or to be simply a host of little Heligolands of the nations whose flags they fly? Obviously the seadrome question and the problem of the freedom of the seas cannot be separated.—Glasgow Herald.
1935: usa:Canada:~Eighty thond children were supplied with Christmas toys through a chain of 150 toy shops operated across  from coast to coast by Canadian Boy Scouts. Since their inception eleven years ago Canadian Boy Scout toy shops have collected, repaired, repainted and distributed nearly two million toys to over half-a-million Canadian children.
1935: Canada::~At the Sixty-Sixth Annual Meeting of The Royal Rank of , held in Montreal, Morris W. Wilson President, and Managing Director, paid tribute to the distinguished service rendered to the bank by Sir Herbert Holt, who had presided at successive Annual Meetings for over a quarter of a century, and whose outstanding ability and prestige have been important factors in the sound and consistent growth of the bank during his regime.	/
1935: Canada::~Referring to the recent revision of the Bank Act and the Act incorpora: ing the Bank of , he stated that at the public hearings preceding these enactments the bankers were able to justify their administration. He warned that the curtailment of earning power resulting from restrictions upon interest rates chargeable by banks and the withdrawal of noteissuing privileges will inevitably reduce the ability of banks to maintain unproductive branches in small communities. Banking profits have never been excessive, and if an efficient banking system is to be maintained, there is a point beyond which enforced economies . , to meet falling revenues on one 116 ' hand, and increased taxation on the other, cannot safely be carried.
1935: Canada:Canada:~In discussing the improved conditions in Canada, Mr. Wilson pointed out that during the past year manufacturing and employment have approximated the levels of 1926; iron and steel production, the output of automobiles, textiles and electrical energy had increased and the value of exports notably lumber and minerals, ha<f advanced substantially. The wheat crop was no larger, but fortunately, higher prices prevailed. The value of field crops had increased over $100,0000,000 and the enhanced purchasing power of the farmers had stimulated trade throughout the country. There has been increased demand for Canadian mineral products abroad and it is anticipated that the output of Canadian gold mines will exceed $100,000,000, as compared with $85,000,000 in 1933. The building boom in Great Britain created unprecedented demand for Canadian lumber and a record volume of shipments has been made during the past year. He mentioned the importance of the tourist trade to , which had amounted to over $300.000.000 a year and for several years brought more money into  than our wheat exports
1935: Toronto.—~Smashing the popular Illusion that the North Pole Is nothing but a barren waste of Ice and snow and prophesying that Canada s dream of a rich and powerful Empire in the tar north Is going to come true, Richard Finnic, F.R.G.S., spoke recent meeting of the Canadian ,
1935: “~Current loans in Canada show an increase for the first time since 1929, and are up over $10,000,000. This is a significant change, reflecting, as do other items in the Balance Sheet, a heartening increase in Canadian business activities."
1935: Canada::~Mr. Dobson pointed out that all banks in , because of their easy cash position, are looking for desirable loaning business, and the comparatively small increase under this heading reflects a lack of demand for loans, rather than a restriction of credit.
1935: Mr. Dobson made special refer- •~ ence to the satisfactory results . achieved by the branches outside of Canada and the valuable assistance they have given to exporters in the development of their trade i in the countries where the bank is represented said:—
1935: Canada::~On the whole, 1934 may be regarded as a year of substantial recovery for . While we still have many problems to solve, have, I believe, every justification for looking forward with confidence to a further improvement in conditions during 1935."
1935: UFF M1NORCAS—~New breed for Canada. Premium size white eggs: Hugo broilers. Catalogue on request. Miss Lou Helmuth NECHAUSER’S, Chatham. Ontario.
1935: So—~always say Phillips when you buy. And, for your peace of mind, see that your child gets this; the finest men know. Made in Canada.
1935: Canada::~placed them on the same hoard of	problem in . Obviously, the
1935: Canada::Ottawa. —~Means of travel and communication in the eleven National Parks in Western Canada, have been steadily Increasing. According to the annual report of the Department of tho Interior there are MB miles of roads in these parks; 2,481 miles of trails, and 1.094 miles of telephone lines.
1935: Canada:United States:~Any where in  To  ..
1935: Everywhere throat specialists urge Sj this fundamental treatment instead of I less effective old-time “washes” and I “antiseptics." Remember this And I when you buy, see that you get +	--------—~I ASPIRIN. It is made in Canada and
1935: Ottawa—~An order-in-Counci 1 made public recently places sheet cellulose acetate on the free list when imported for the manufacture in Canada of non-inflammable photographic films.
1935: CANADA::~THAOC MARK ftCOlftTlJICft *##  , T*TJ7
1935: Canada::~There would appear to be a serious shortage of alsike for domestic needs 6,391,000,000 ' in  next spring as vhe 1931
1935: Canada::~10-v) I Ottawa, Ontario, . 2.30
1935: Canada:: is a self-governing dominion • d the British commonwealth of nations usually called the British empire. While the British government makes .Mir for the whole empire, the self gov-•~ming dominions decide tor ihetn-hes what action they shall take. Britain does not compel Canada to •vlji nor «lues she conscript Canadians. Nmndn does not pax laics to the Brit--h crown nor contribute toward the ii^t of the British navy. She Las a
1935: Canada::~By a vote of 7t> to Id. the Montreal Biesbytery of the l nited Church of , on Tuesday, February 2b, expressed. it*eU' in favor of amending the church s con-titution to open the ministry
1935: Canada::~Schools and universities in  claim about .'1.5 per cent, of the national expenditure, and this may [ he considered as an indication of their importance in the economic [ life of the country. Their weight as a social factor can not he as readily represented statistically, following considerations are of interest in this connection.
1935: Canada::~No other occupantionni activity in the life of the country claims the daily attention of as many persons. Each years sees one-fourth of the population of  appearing in the classroom either as pupil or teacher. There arc about twice as school children as there are
1935: Canada::~But he sure you get ASPIRIN. It is made in  and all druggists have it. Look for the name Bayer in the form of a cross on every Aspirin Tablet. Aspirin is the trade mark of the Bayer Company
1935: CANADA::~Fhe  STARCH CO. Limited
1935: private, states the Industrial Depart- Should all be called "as would seem ment of the Canadian National Rad probable”~ and final arrangements be way*. The bulk of the maple and birch mft(je on the basis of present rates *oring imported into Scotland In 1034, dependably obtainable, the saving in no from Canada.	interest would be more than $2,500,000,
1935: Canada::~Of 74 actions taken in  for ad iteration of butter last year 58 were in the Province of Quebec, a return
1935: Canada::~Building contracts awarded in  February nearly doubled the figures i r the corresponding month of last year, the monthly compilation by Mac Lean Building Reports Limited, reveals. The total for the month just closing was 310,627,200 compared with 5,035,100. January total was $10,220,100.
1935: Canada::~Anywhere in  To * United StnteH ..
1935: Canada::~Dominion subvention* totalling 32,261,000 wore paid last year to move Maritime and Western coal into the central parts of . Hon. Wesley Cordon, minister of mines, told the House of Commons on Friday.
1935: Canada::~Canadian coal will be consumed in  and the maximum number of Canadian miners kept, at work."
1935: So says the 1935 “catechism”~ of the Native Sons of Canada.
1935: Canada::~Dr. R. C. Wallace, Chancellor of the University of Alberta, addressed the Edmonton Chamber of Commerce on the importance of the Scout Movement in 's national life.
1935: Louipauy, World I'ultnt Attorneys' lï~'A tiunk titretl. Ottawa. Canada.
1935: Canada::~Some of the greatest influences for good in the history of  have been editors of small-town papers.
1935: Canada::~i  supplied 95.5 per cent., were imported into Trinidad, Barbados, thu Windward Islands ami Leeward I.Hands during 1933 the sol • Empire
1935: Canada::~sll<lj|s	this year, of which  supplied
1935: 81.1 percent. Tla- greater portion nt these oat* reach the British West Indien and British Guiana from British Columbia ports via the hmuma Canal, the balance moving from Atlantic ports, state official.- nt tin; Canadian National |f Steamships, that company maintaining dir* et freight and )• •~ <* ng* r service between Canada mat Bermuda, I fie east- ru ami western ^mup - of lie* British West 11,die -, British Guam and British Honduras,
1935: Canada::~Dr. I). J. Campbell attended the annual convention of the Central  Veterinary Association, held in Ottawa on Wednesday of last week.
1935: Canada:Canada:~WOMEN IN PULPITS Opinion differ throughout  es to whether women should occupy church pulpits. Not long ago Manitoba ministers voiced their approval ; the Middlesex Presbytery of the United Church of , meeting ' in the purchase of gopher poison. On
1935: Canada::~Good sized potatoes by early July can be produced in most parts of , and this is the time the crop is really appreciated and worth some money. As soon as the ground works up nicely, a small planting may be risked. To further hurry things along, for two or three weeks before planting, it is advisable to spread the seed potatoes out in some frost proof place where they will get as much sun as possible through the window. Soon, healthy, stout sprouts will appear and if planted carefully, so as to avoid breaking off, the crop will be through the the ground in a day or two.
1935: Information sent free. The Bamaay Company, World l'utent Attorney», Zî~ J Hank Street, Ottawa. Canada.
1935: Canada::~In  there are five general types of tobacco grown, namely flue-cured, Hurley, dark, Quebec leaves ar<* thin and of fine texture. Three extensively grown varieties are Comstock Spanish, Resistant Havana and Conn et n ut Havane 38.
1935: Canada::~,1 in g abroad, on compulsory repairs the effected to their motor vehicles out. side of , either as the result of an accident, or of unforeseen me-I chanlcal defects which developed ! during the tour. Hereafter, the returning tourist will be required to i satisfy the collector as to the bona . fideg of his case, and will be called upon to pay duty only on those re; pairs effected abroad which can not be regarded as compulsory.
1935: Canada::~affect the non-resident visitor in . In the past, the tourist who arrived by automobile with a considerable quantity of tour-i.?U* outfit, such as guns, fishing tackle, golf clubs, tennis racquets, cameras and other sporting and
1935: Canada::~mpleted by July, 1936, when  s veterans will journey to X imy Ridge to hold a re-union.
1935: Among those pre»~ing the hardest for the change in the season un these game birds and animals are several fish and game district supervisors, recognize 1 authorities on fish and game conditions in Canada and employed by Quebec Province. The demand for the shorter season has been unanimous each year.
1935: Canada:Canada:~According to the  Seed Act, variety of cereal grain can be offered for sale in  under its v triety name unless that variety has been licensed by the Dominion Minister of Agriculture after tests conducted by the Cereal Division of the Dominion Experimental Farms.
1935: Canada::~Tillsonburg, March 31 John Duncan Byrnes, 61, prominent figure in the United Church of  and past grand chaplain of the A. F. and A. M , died at bis home here on Saturday afternoon following a prolonged illness
1935: Canada::~tourist traffic entering  during the past calendar year increased at most points, totalling 3,261,848 automobiles as against 3,096,887 .automobiles entered in 1933, a gain Increasing In Alberta of 164,961 according
1935: Canada::~in the form of a cross on every pjers Batmen came to them out of | fully Aspirin tablet. Aspirin is made in the gloom under the trees, brushing  and all druggists have it.
1935: CANADA::~A product of The  STARCH CO., Limited
1935: I ho Federated Women’~s Institutes of Canada, under the
1935: Canada::~Help to Make  More Beautiful
1935: “~The coming of John Buchan to Canada as governor-general in succession to Earl Bcssborough will to many Canadians seem like the arrival of an old friend. II is novels have had a wide circulation in the Dominion. The fact is noted that
1935: Canada::~has been named as vice-regal reptime he did not try to stop hei. She t regenfafjve jn , but before the
1935: Canada::~highlands and lowlands he will find end in , while we have deer of various kinds and our fish wonderful, also of wide variety. Mr. Buchan has been in the Dominion before, and looking over it as It was ! }le would with a critical eye he could
1935: Canada::~Be sure to look for the name Bayer in the form of a cross on every Aspirin tablet. Aspirin is made in  and all druggists have it
1935: Canada::~How the development of one of 's most important natural ruled directly to a kitchen revo-
1935: CANADA::~The  STARCH CO.. Limited
1935: Mr. W. R. Beatty of Pembroke, president of the Canadian Lumbermen’~s Association, appeared before the Senate banking and at Ottawa a few days ago and showed how ar eight-hour day would be prejudicial to the lumbering industry of Canada already in a depressed condition.
1935: Canada::~Cigarette smokers in  spent more
1935: Canada::~4.170.000	pounds in 1934. In addition to domestic consumption  exported 8,709,979 pounds of unmanufactured tobacco valued at $2,020.802 to twenty five different countries in
1935: Canada::~manufactured tobacco In forms to the value of f-05,802.  Week By Week.
1935: Canada::~the people of , that the Queen will share the demonstration oif loyalty and devotion which will be shown to Your Majes-
1935: “~From time to time during Your Majesty's reign the people of Canada have enjoyed the honor of welcoming to this Dominion His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and other members of the Royal Family, whose visits have not only deepened the loyal devotion of the people of Canada to Your M jesty, but have enhanced their appreciation of the interest which Is always taken by the members of the Royal Family In all that pertains to the progress
1935: “We, Your Majesty’~s loyal and dutiful subjects, the House of Com-of Canada in Parliament as-
1935: Canada::~The weight of a loaf of bread in  is not standardized but it is regulated by municipal by-laws in the various provinces with the exception of Ontario. In Ontario the legal standard weight of a loaf is fixed at 24 and 48 ounces, except that in the case of “small bread” the limit is fixed at 12 ounces.
1935: Who has just been appointed General Sales Manager of Christie, Brown and Company, Limited. Since returning fiom Overseas, after four years’~ service with the Canadian Corps in France, Mr. Young has been connected with the company in the capacities of Cashier, Office Manager and District Sales Manager, in Winnipeg and Toronto. He organized and opened branches in the new Western Canada division and since 1933, has been Manager of Plead Office branch in Toronto. His appointment to hythm, Flowing Rhythm and Tone General Sales Manager of the Rhythm	Company is a popular one in the
1935: Compauy, \VurI\l l atent .X M urn»~ ) liunk fcitt e< t. Ottawa, Canada.
1935: NOTICE—~We pay cash for Eggs and Live Poultry. Prices given upon request. Canada Packers Limited, Montreal.
1935: Canada::~The gladiolus is deservedly one the most popular flowers in  Also it needs very little care except at planting and digging time. About the middle of May is a good time for planting but, as pointed out by the Horticultural Division, Dominion Experimental Farms, the exact; date varies according to locality beeau.-e the frost must be out of the ground and the soil dried. Sandy loam, well fertilized the previous year, is ideal soil, but gladioli will do wel on heavier soils. In a light, poor soil they would probably fail in drv season. After planting the soil must be cultivated frequently to keep down the weeds and render the surface loose. During very dr> weather a thorough soaking with water once a week is very beneficial, and it is well to remember that when the time comes for cutting the blooms at least two sets of leaves
1935: Canada::~He sure to look for the name Bayer in the form of a cross on every Aspirin tablet. Aspirin is made in  and all druggists have it.
1935: Try this. You’ll feel like another person ! Take either the familiar liquid “~PHILLIPS venient new Phillips* Milk of Mug nesia Tablets. Made in Canada.
1935: Canada::~New Governor-General Of  Feted In London
1935: Canada::~General of , pictured
1935: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1935: Canada::~A curious fact given in the April issue of the Canadian Geographical Journal is that no authentic portraits have survived of any of the early French explorers of .
1935: Canada::~early discoverers of . In the ture which Ceylon may take for her | j-jamessing The PRISONER ROBBED	I March issue of the Journal Major
1935: Canada::~| $ 129,794,000 Is Estimated Seen as Chief Product Of As Amouunt Spent For Agriculture In America 1934 In  | R00n To Farmers.
1935: Canada::~(Efflington United Church) Troop Hall, took the form of a model | The cuitivation of the apple in accompanied Assistant Provincial Scout meeting. The concluding week- | , hedges and their uses, the Commissioner F. C. Irwin to Barrie. | end outdoor session was postponed j prairie farmer's vegetable garden,
1935: NOTICE—~"We pay cash for Eggs and Live Poultry. Prices given upon request. Canada Packers Limited, Montreal.
1935: Canada:usa:~The United States is far ahead of  in this respect for thonds of “identification” prints are cord at Washington in a special section reserved at the Bureau of I den- ^ H whoae identity must obvi-
1935: He’~s not unlike his sister, then, ' Canada the festival had provid-aid Piers Hannen
1935: Canada::~Advocates of a national finger Eighty tankards are believed t print bureau for  point out : juried under one of ti
1935: Canada::~duplicatiiig in  11»•~' excellent, n lilts it has achieved in England m correcting digestion, insuring a iimlation of all the body - building goodiu- s of foods, and purifying and vnrii hing 1 he blond.
1935: Canada:United States:~ as well as the .
1935: Canada::~Garnet Variety Is Much In  was 46,487,230.
1935: Canada::~Sensational scores, achieved by en-	Duil.llki I hrOlllS	Milch cows in  increased in
1935: Canada::~Following a long controversy the ment under the supervision of the  Grain Act was amended <t Live Stock Branch of the Dominion vear	ago "to provide for separate	Department of Agriculture. This was
1935: Canada:Canada:~The All- route to the West and one of the most important links !|n the Trans- highway project Is to he opened by lion, l'ctcr 1 lee-nan, Ontario minister of lands ami forests, and Prime Minister K. B. (Bennett will attend this event.
1935: Canada::~throughout  numbering 20,275, saddle.
1935: Canada::~Shingles, Roll Roofing, Building Papers, Ten Test, Cyproc, Beaver Board,  Cement, Plastering Lime, White-wash Lime, Pulpstone for repair work "	' Paint. Roofing Coating.
1935: 11A good deal of thought has beci been given in past years to the kind of education in agriculture which best be introduced into school riculuni” Dr. K. C. Wallace, Presi* dent, University of Alberta, told the 15th convention of the Canadian So< ciety of Technical Agriculturists sembled at Edmonton frankly admitted at the outset, hi said, that relatively little success haj attended the efforts of those who aré~ concerned with school education in the teaching of agriculture. The for. mal agriculture of Grade IX and X of the high school had on the whole not achieved what was expected of it; and the school garden, so enthusb asticaliy proclaimed thirty years ago, cannot be seen in Western Canada today.
1935: Canada::~A national highway programme of considerable importance to Ontario has been agreed on between the provincial and federal governments whereby the sum of $9,512,500 will be expended on the Trans- high-The Dominion government will 50 per cent, of the cost, or $1*750,250. The sections of the highway, mileage, total cost and Domin-contribution follow: Schreiher to Nipigon River,-70-$6,30,000-$2G5,000; Nipigon River to Port Arthur-05-$7G,000-$38,250; Fort William to
1935: Canada::~a record of legislative achievement v hich will rank in importance with the most outstanding in the ^history of .
1935: Canada::~Chief item passed during the last stages of the session was the  Crain Board bill, designed to aid the Canadian farmer in the marketing of his wheat,—the board to act as a selling agency for the Canadian wheat crop. The Senate prior to promigration amended some of the government bills, notably that establish-the Trade and Industry Com, the amendments being designed to put “teeth” into the new j. The Senate also ‘'cracked” down on the new “racket” which inveigled people into investing their money from •>! up in the hope of getting $10, an amendment which the Corn-accepted. Specilc mention of ‘•chain* letters was not made though the amendment is designed to take of all violations of the Crimin-
1935: tal Station describes in the latest is-i sue of the Empire Journal of Experi-| mental Agriculture (No. 10, 1935) the There should be no reason for cording to tests on a noise-recording j results of 22 field trials at Rot ha m-•~such demonstrations in Canada as | contrivance which measures the noise
1935: Canada::~by Premier Bennett in dealing with the western strikers must be emulated by all those in authority. They will have the complete backing of all substantial citizen. The Communist element lias no place in  and must lie stamped out with a relentle s hand. -Simcoe Rotor-
1935: Canada::~Total number of deaths in  from external violence during 1934 was 6,48s, compared with 6.216 in 1933 and 6,045 in 1932, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics reports.
1935: CANADA::~EASTERN 'S GREAT ANNUAL EVENT
1935: Canada::~And a hundred and one other attractions which make the Ottawa Exhibition the largest one-week Exhibition In .
1935: Canada::~There was also a considerably larger volume of Ontario apples available hr distribution than was anticipated at the beginning of the season, which, together with Nova Scotia arrivals resulted in an unusually huge pioportion of low grade apples on Central  markets. The depressing effect prohibited higher price levels for the comparatively small Asbestos Is a mineral that Is woven volume of top grade stuck avail tide, Into cloth or sheets, and put to rnrl- and the reception on the domestic use» because it Is Incombustible, market paralleled that of the English cloth was formerly used as m ; corp on the United Kingdom markets.
1935: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1935: “We think each one of the three analysis you sent is true and quite accurate. I myself am very conscious of certain of the traits which you criticised in so friendly a manner, and thank you again for the remedies which you were good enough to outline. You say one thing of me in particular which although not al-acknowlcdged by my friends, I feel myself to be absolutely true. That is where you state that 1 am ‘~rather self-interested person this connection it seems to me remarkable that you should sum up character by stating that you should sum up my character by stating that you felt that the most suitable vocation for me would be that of nursing, because of the self-contained poise that you say 1 have. I say you were remarkable because for the last 42 years I have been engaged at nursing, including 15 years in Canada, and I have acted as matron on several occasions, sometimes for fairly long periods. But, though I loved the work, ami nearly always loved and sympathised with my patients, 1 realise that always, In the back of my mind, was a fairly determined aim to acquire success and
1935: Mali fax.—Canadian business generally is benefiting by a sound, steady improvement which has been in progress for a considerable time, Sir Edward Beatty, president of the Canadian Pacific Railway, said here recently as he stepped down from a special train which is carrying him through the Maritimes an an annual tour of inspection of company enterprises. The only cloud on Canada’~s industrial recovery front, the rail chief asserted, was in Western Canada, where crop prospect were indefinite and where there wa no assurance that the 1935 yield would be readily marketed.
1935: United States:Canada:~The Oxford University shooting team which recently won the Whitehead Trophy with a record score, shown a.s they left Waterloo Station, London, on boat train for a visit to the  and , in the centre (with glasses and umbrella) is C. A. H. Jones (Lancing and Hertford) the
1935: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1935: Canada::~If the large number of people who have visited the  Shop in London since its opening last week is maintained until the date of closing. the promoters should be more than pleased with the publicity given to Canadian food products through this practical advertising medium.
1935: 1 This is due to a large measure to the betterment of industrial conditions here, resulting from the re. organization of the steel plant and (’~harlot C from the general advance in business and employment throughout Canada.
1935: Canada::~thou ands of young pigs, calves, I Iambs and foals, for the farmers of  every year. Take no chances; if you suspect iodine deficiency, use “Windsor” Iodized Salt regularly. It means stronger, healthier, more productive livestock, in ary case.
1935: “~Indians of Canada,” l.y Diamond
1935: Canada::~published by the Nationa Museum of  C;2.00), beaut! fully printed and hound everyone who pride library should have and illustrations
1935: Canada::~General Motors Products of , Ltd.
1935: Canada::~Call at 's Greatest Super-Service Station
1935: Canada::~the Congregational. Methodist and Presbyterian Societies of  into the United W.M.S. The meeting was in charge of Mrs. F. jin charge ot St Pauls and Holy McDowell’s group, and features of Trinity Chinches, during the va rathe evening were, a paper on “Mis- tion of the Hector, Rev. T. K. R. sions among the Eskimos ’, by Mrs. Nurse, left on Saturday to resume
1935: Canada::~The first automobile owner In Can-n^a was a resident of Hamilton, a native of Malahide. Sir William Mu-lock was the first pioneer of gasoline machines built in . He ordered six motor tricycles and quad recycles for the use of the Post Oflice Department and “soon the streets of Toronto were frantic with the chucking of these red machines.'1 — St. Thomas Times-Journal.
1935: Canada:Canada:~iau goods entering  is not going to bow to the will of Jana by any means, and if the surtax is not removed, then  will do the one logical thing—~secede from the terms of the Anglo-Japan-commercial treaty. If that course is finally taken then the Dominion would be free to take such other
1935: Canada:Japan:~mercial treaty has regulated trade between  and  May, 1913. The Dominion regards the
1935: Canada:Japan:~Japanese surtax as action against Canadian goods. However,  is earnestly hopeful that the government of  may yet be persuaded of the justness cf ; the position taken by the Canadian government and will take stop< to
1935: Canada::~Bank Of  Has Withdrawn $87,000,000‘ In Six Months
1935: Canada::~World exports on the gold dollar basis in the last four years lysis shows, have declined 67.1 per cent, while those of  are down j on a by only 40.9 percent. Thus, the Dominion has resisted the decline more
1935: Canada::~week. They were these. She was ! of  and Dominion notes out-tired and ill; the doctor said she standing August 28 was $80,000,000. would have to have a change; there On January 1 next the chartered
1935: Canada::~All the surplus I banks of  will be required
1935: Canada::~Dank of  notes.
1935: Canada::~In the analysis reveals a I o that In poin* of volume of trade,  contributed 2.71 percent, of the total world exports in 1929, while last year she boosted her share to 3.99 p i-
1935: That h interesting Information — j and encouraging. It is proof that Canada’~s foreign trade has suffered less rhan that of any other nation except Japan. It is interesting to note, too, that the Dominion now occupies sec- i
1935: Canada:United States:~In  and the  the week of October 6th to 12th is being observed as Fire Prevention Week. The Dominion Fire Prevention Association in co-operation with Provincial 1 ire Marshals, local Fire Chiefs and others are co-operating with civic organizations in the furtherance of the aims of 1 ire
1935: Canada:Canada:~by tire in  every year corded loss of property by fire in  during 15 years, 1920 to 1934, exceeded $610,000,000. In other words, at our present rate, approximately human life is sacrificed and $110,000 worth of property is destroyed every day in the year
1935: Canada:United States:~An y whore in  To  ..
1935: Canada:usa:~during the Summer and Fall Ol	, during which thonds
1935: Augustine’~s Church. Interment Perennial Sow Thistle, Canada T ,	. i was at the local Anglican ce me- Thistle, Twitch and Field Hindi Grape fruit are nice tc eat, but they
1935: Percy Balltintyne on Wednesday afternoon. November 13, at two Mr. and Mrs. W A. Willis, of o’~clock. Program :-The work of piescott. Ont, were week-end the League of Nations in Canada. | guests of Mr. and Mrs. 15. II. Coeh-Roll Call Name a Canadian man | r<1 ne. of prominence in Canada. A quilt will be quilted at this meeting.
1935: Canada:Canada:~-Books published in , about daughter of the Duke and Duchess of of today and the girls of years ago, I  aa wen as those written by Buccleuch. to the Duke of Gloucester pert Miss Teenage remarked: “Wel1’ Canadlans, with imprint of 1934.” j has given particular satisfaction to if they were all s0 darned innocent, k thege pages there are listed. %e the whole of Scotland, writes a eor-how did they know when to blush?”I ?bould jUdge, more than 1.100 books, respondent of the Glasgow Herald,
1935: Canada::~In  air transport has com-	that so many men and women otbei% with their clear fair com-
1935: Canada::~In  we have no official “fly-
1935: CANADA:Canada:~PROSPERITY COMES TO  spent rusticating. She has travelled Prosperity is reaching , too. and she has enjoyed London at its
1935: Canada::~China tea, but Camomile tea, the same time the earth of  j account, one loses reverence even for the Ng not yielding whea: only. There is
1935: Canada::~the great need of  getting her hogs on the market at, say, six months, but well finished at that age. He very properly took the view that if one firm could turn out bacon on a blind cooked test that j
1935: Canada::~ment of Agriculture is responsible to be carried on in  ana it yearg old be quits quoting his father, for the proiect which is being car- is anticipated that other areas w and begins criticizing him.	|
1935: hat of death.—~Chapin.	Canadian and the Polish, but to my come from Western Canada but fro
1935: “Aspirin”~ Tablets are made in Canada. “Aspirin” is the registered trade-mark of the Bayer Company, Limited. Look for the name Bayer in t he form of u cross on every tablet.
1935: Canada::~Dr. Grisdale visited Britain on behalf of the Cheese Patrons' Association of Ontario, and was given the impies-sion there was no country Englishmen would prefer to buy from than . “But the goods must be right, he added. The Englishman knows what lie wants. Canadians, like settlers the world over, are prone to think only of their end of it, but the great thing is to please the buyer."
1935: Canada::~experience in facing and solving business problems in  have equipped this century-old Bank with unique facilities for meeting every banking need of to-day.
1935: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1935: Canada::~These two locomotives , stockyards were I Train crews escaped with minor injuries
1935: A large attendance of young people gathered in the Sunday school room of the church on Monday for their meeting which was conducted by the missionary committee. Ina Murray was in charge and was assisted in the devotional pei iod by Linda Lynch. The feature of the evening was five short addresses on mission work that the church is doing, these being given by Lee Hod gins, on China, Marjorie Wilson, on India, Amelia Dale, on Africa,»~ Kelvy My res, on Canada and Lottie Wright on Japan
1935: Canada::~Doughnut-eating championship of , is claimed by Albert ‘ Chappy” C arm a ni co recently ate 104 doughnuts In sixty-eight minutes with a quart of water
1935: Canada::~Production of 's coal mines in October of this year exceeded the five year average by 77,049 tons.
1935: Canada::~Production of coke in  during# October at 205,213 tons was the highest rei»rted for any month since December, 1930, and exceeded the 179,616 tons of previous month by 14 per cent. The corresponding figure for October of a year ago was 204,143 tons.
1935: Canada::~way in 	with the value of the product to be	e
1935: Canada::~The Uoxvers of  thistle are purple or blue In color and of the composite type. Several seeds are produced In each flower. When the flowers mature the seeds are at the base, Inside a cone-shaped structure. A silk-like parachute Is fastened to the upper end of the seed and when massed together in the cone-shaped head forms a white cottony-like mass. The silk or parachute Is a carrier for the seed. Wind will carry the seed for miles, causing a rapid spread.
1935: Canada::~Of Britain,  and the Vnit-
1935: Canada::~A TOWER OF STRENGTH We Jews of  cannot however altogether disassociate His Excellency from John Buchan, who sat in the British House of Commons. To the . world at large he has given a rich 0 literary productiveness, but to the Jews he has also given another part of himself, the humanitarian, the altruist, the fearless champion of man's rights.
1935: due to chronic constipation. Noth-	Ottawa—~A	report issued	by the	Institute of Canada here recently,
1935: Canada::~ing seemed to do her any good. Then	department of	trade and commerce	 must prepare for such events,
1935: Canada::~she found a way to rid herself of	says 	is getting	valuable	he said. Accurate meteorological in-	1	Not	Know	,	i Mv PvnPrienre with children and
1935: Canada::~to my housework. Then T began to	In , 387 in the United King-	don found great evidences of aJr- were much approved	of God,	^ not natural then, associating
1935: Canada::~OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR -- List of wanted inventions and lull information sent free Company, World Patent Attorneys Bank Street, Ottawa, .
1935: “Aspirin’~* Tablets are made in Canada. “Aspirin” is the registered trade-mark of the Bayer Company, Limited. Look for the name Bayer in the form of a cross oil every tablet.
1935: Canada::~Elks and Native Sons of , and Wm. Clark of South Bulkley bis popularity was so extended that he
1936: Canada::~wood. It is expected that the new cloth will not only provide abundant opportunities for punsters, but that with its further perfection the forest resources of  will be considerably enhanced in value. Umpire Review.
1936: County, Ontario, won the blue rib- celebrating their own recovery bon for white winter wheat. The »~re spending money once more. This in three Canadians who thus upheld I ]* attested most impressively b> the credit of Canada in wheat-grow-1 their night life. In all their big citing are to be congratulated, and so I ies l°n£~ queues may be seen outside is Canada.—Toronto Mail and Em-1 the theatres and cinemas. Hotels, so
1936: Canada::~Woulu soon become as dead as a convenience and expense to divert it.	eventually in  Hereafter, youth convicted on first
1936: Canada::~polis and causing no end of embar- in  as in any part of the	national nollev enders will he gladly increased.	work than was accorded another “mgntie shirt
1936: Canada::~tess. Also it is destructive to the  has suggestions to make,	* * tti readv to be “Tony” Biddle has “a great variety after 2 a m., there were still several (see small view) as Paris would
1936: Canada::~often to  closed and protected to prevent the
1936: Canada::~Appointment of Ml Mitchell, Mr. James Muir and 'Mr. Harold G. Hesler, as Assistant General Managers of The Royal Bank of  has been announced.
1936: Canada:Canada:~Mr. Mitchell, a native of Merigo-mtsh, N.S., and since 1934 Supervisor of Ontario Branches, becomes Assistant General Manager following a long and extensive career with the bank in many parts of  and Newfoundland. He Joined the Union Bank of Halifax In 1903, serving as a Junior at the New Glasgow Branch. When the Union Bank was absorbed by the Royal Bank of  in 1910, Mr. Mitchell was moved to Halifax, and two years later became Accon-tant of that branch. In 1915, he was appointed Manager of the St. John’s Newfoundland Bra nob, following two service as Assistant Manager
1936: Canada:Japan:~Prince Edward Island foxes purchased by the Japanese Government for an experimental scation have left Charlottetown on their long journey. The special pedigreed male animale, shipped in two crates, will cross  by rail and be put aboard a liner for .
1936: Canada::~Mr .Harold G. Hesler, Secretary of The Royal Bank of , was born in Humberstone, Ont., and joined the Welland Branch of the bank as a
1936: Canada::~an OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. ^ List of wanted inventions ami full u mation sent free Company, World Latent Attorneys Bank iSttreet, Ottawa, .
1936: Canada:England:~Mr. James Muir, for the past four years General Inspector of The Royal Bank of Canada, is a native of Scotland. Like Mr. Mitchell, he has been engaged in the profession of banking since boyhood, and has served the Bank in the Dominion and New York. Mr. Muir joined the Royal Bank of  at Moose Jaw in 1912, after serving three years with the Commercial Bank of Scotland. Ltd., and one year with the chartered bank of India in London, . In 1916 he was transferred Department at Winnipeg, and later In the same year became Accountant in the Winnipeg Grain Exchange Branch. In 1917 he was transferred to the Credit Department, Head Office, and appointments as Inspector, Supervisor's Department, Winnipeg, and as Assistant Supervisor at New York, followed in quick succession. His location in New York as Assistant Supervisor of the bank’s business In Central and South America extended
1936: Canada::~Fanners from  who exhibited at the 301h annual International Live Stock Imposition and 17th annual International Drain and Hay Show held at Chicago from November 30th to December 7th, 1!).'V> inclusive, demonstrated the high quality of their products entered in competition with those from till parts of the ITiitvd Stales and other countries by winning a substantial list of championships, first prizes and hundreds of lesser awards.
1936: Canada::~A tabulation of the prize lists shows that  won Î8 championship and 12 reserve championships, ten of the former being for sheep, two for cattle, one for horses and five for field crops— wheat, Held he ms, field peas, soy neams and white corn : eight of the reserve championships were for sheep and ir for field crop* wheat, field beans, field
1936: Canada::~brings out the grain In the wood and and whenever anything presents itself honoui won by  at Chicago was the pipe bowl takes on a deeper hue.
1936: Canada::Some 07 per cent,.of ’~s 1034 ^Canned salmon exported from Canada catch of haddock was used fresh or	in 1034 was valued at 53,006,424	which
1936: United States:: by Scribev’~s, New York; in Australia by Angus and Robertson. Sydney; in Canada by Copp, Clark Company, Toronto. It is a volume of animal fiction showing the cré~atures of the forest coming in touch for the first time with the bringers of the steel who carry forward the first transcontinental road through Canada, and animal characters mingle with the human ones in the persons of the surveyors, engineers, construction gangs — invade
1936: Mr. and Mrs Pirie, were married thanks for the piesentatiou in a on Dec. 10th, 1885, at Fa vet in, very gracions mnimet. after which Aberdeen-shire, Scotland, coming afl joined in singing, “~For They to Canada shortly atterwaid, and are Jolly Good Fellows, with other friends resided near Mr. and Mrs. Pirie also received Bristol Mines for a few years. In several messages of congratula-1803 they came to Clarendon, tions and gifts from members of and for three years lived near their family.
1936: •~educed to 1ST cages In 19:15. In Hamilton, where the iliph-llierla toxoid has been used ns ex ptacr la Canada,
1936: Canada::~Reducing the trend to figures, the accepted records show a gain fo* 1935 of about eight per cent, in gen eral conditions. This compares with a 1934 improvement of 18 per cent, over 1933. Comparing his affairs with those of other countries, .lack Canuck observes he did better than most of them; that in fact only seven nations reported larger pickup in industrial production than  and in these preparations for war comprised the chief stimulant in the distribution of credit aed
1936: Canada::~Plans tor the formation of a Health League of , the Inaugural luncheon to be held In Montreal, on January Slsf, were announced by Dr. Gordon Rates, General Director of the Canadian Social Hygiene Council, in Toronto this week. The new Health League, to be Domlnlon.wide In Its activities. Is being sponsored by the Canadian Social Hygiene Council.
1936: United States:United States:~trade in the past three years has been with the British Empire and the United States, upturn in business activity is associated with a rising demand* for Canadian goods in Empire markets and in the markets of the United States. In the twelve months ending in November 1935 Canadian exports to the Empire exceeded those of the same months of the previous two years by $25 million and $108 million respectively. Exports to the United States showed corresponding gains at $64 million and $100 million. Figures show that as yet Canada is not benefiting by any gains in general world buying power, but rather from the recovery which Is under way in Great Br'tain and the United States. It would seem that Canada is indeed fortunate to have secured favorable trade agreements with her two best customers, agreement with the  has been in effect but a few days, in view of the gain of $100 million over the past two years, optimism as to further gams in exports to the  during 1936 is justified.
1936: Canada::~Basis for optimism for the immediate future is to be fourni in the accomplishments of the past two years, stated Mr. Morris W. Wilson, President and Managing Director, in the course of h's address at the G7th Annual Meeting of The Royal Bank of .
1936: “~In every province of Canada", said Mr. Wilson, “the improvement in conditions has reduced unemployment and created increased purchasing power. To the farmers of the west, there is an almost immeasurable difference between a price of 40c and 90c for wbca| and there is every prospect that by the end of the crop year, the will be materially rein the cities, the burdens
1936: “The payrolls of that industry", said Mr. Wilson, “~provided generous wages at a time when many of those employed in other industries were out of work. Without the expenditures of the mining industry for supplies, machinery and other items, the depression in Canada would have been much more severe. In spite of low prices and the low level of demand for building materials, the total volume of mineral production in 1935 again amounted to more than $300,000,000. The volume of gold production attained a new high record of $115,000,000. I am of the opinion that the great period in Canadian mineral production is in the future."
1936: Canada::~For about three weeks now, sales ,f Canadian wheat for export have proceeded at a rate which can best he compared with the heavy movement that took place during the Great War. Ever since the Argentine set a high minimum price on December 13 it has been apparent that  is in possession of the export field. This is of immense national significance.
1936: Canada::~And  is in fine position to move wheat this winter. There are some 20,000,000 bushels of wheat in 8t. Lawrence and Maritime ports which could well move out during the winter through Saint John. There are about another 48,000,000 bushels in Eastern elevators and lake ports, from which the freight rates to Saint John are equivalent to those from Buffalo to New York. This wheat, then, is “~in export position, though some of it, no doubt, will be required for domestic milling in Eastern Canada. There are, too, from 80,000,000 to 40,000,000 bushels available for shipment through British Columbia ports, in addition to a fair supply at American Lake ports, ef which we might'hope that export will proceed merrily. "When the wheat moves" at fair prices is almost another term for Canadian prosperity.
1936: “A year ago we reported an increase of $50,000,000 in deposits. This year we are able to report a further increase of over $50,000,000, or a total of over $100,000,-00d in two years —~ an impressive amount. Deposits in Canada again increased in all provinces, savings deposits being up over $11,000,000.
1936: Canada:Canada:~* Call Loans in  increased $2,898,034, while Call Loans outside of  decreased $10,690,-
1936: aN OFFER TO EVERY INVESTOR, ft List of wanted invention» and lull information seul free. THU RAM8AÏ~ Company, Wo; Id Ratent Attorney#, 271 Rank Street, Ottawa, Canada.
1936: Canada:Canada:~QKUb'ltS A HE I'OCKINU IN t'KUM ^ all over . Agent# are Jubilant over commissions they earn yelling our tube flavors direct to housewives. Hustlers make from to ten dollars a day. Either sex Craig Brothers, Niagara Falls, .
1936: Canada::~youR DELINQUENT ACCOUNTS CAN * be collected through our Canadian organization, licensed and operating throughout ; No collection, no charge. Poet Offlc Box 211. Toronto.
1936: Canada:Canada:~Provincial Finances "The financial position of some of our provinces has been the subject of frequent discussions during recent months. Economic conditions in Western , and abnormally heavy expenditures for relief resulting therefrom, have necessitated large advances from the Dominion Government. It was inevitable that sooner or later the question of control by the Federal Government over the finances of these provinces should be brought up, particularly in view of suggestions put forward that the Federal Government, by lending its credit, should assist in a general refunding of provincial debts so as to reduce the interest charge and thereby assist in balancing the budgets of these provinces. Such assistance by the Federal Government could only be justified if there were set up effective safeguards against excessive borrowings by provinces in the future, a matter that would seem to involve an amendment to our constitution. With due safeguards, however, I believe that some such plan would i merit and receive the support of ; public opinion in .
1936: Canada::~Employment In  showed a drop between November 1 and December 1 of 2S.566, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics reported last week. The total number of employes registered by 9,462 firms fell from 1,013,721 to 985,155.
1936: “~Current Loans in Canada have increased by $300,000 and similar advances abroad by $2,573,809. While there has been a considerable improvement in business conditions, so far recovery has not increased appreciably the demand for bank accommodation.
1936: Canada::~"Aspirin" Tablets are made io . “Aspirin" is the registered trade-mark of the Bayer Company. Limited. Look for the name Bayer in the form of a cross on every tablet.
1936: Canada::~In  the six-room house is more common than any other size, but it is not typical in all parts ot the country. Nearly 60 per cent, of
1936: Canada::~the average of , the most numerous but in rural Quebec there is no definite favor for any special size. Both rural and urban Ontario homes characteristically include six rooms, the outstsnding exception being Ottawa, where seven-room houses are most numerous. Over 60 per cent, of prairie rural homes contain four rooms or fewer, while the number of such homes in Ontario is less than 23 per cent. Four-room homes dominate in both rural and urban areas Columbia. — Renfrew
1936: Canada::~was active in political circles as a staunch Conservative. A member of the United Church uf , he was prominent in Masonic cirles, being a member of Sliaxv-ville Lodge, A F and A M.
1936: Canada:United States:~the recent general election in Great Britain? What country returned to a monarchy in 1935? Last fall the Liberals won an overwhelming majority in the general election in . IIow la this likely to affect Canadian tariff policy ? How many Hearst newspapers and there in the  and In how many cities are they published? Light is thrown on these and
1936: • “Aspirin”~ Tablets are made in Canada. “Aspirin” is the registered trade-mark of the Bayer Company. Limited. Look for the name Haver in the form of a cross on every tablet.
1936: Canada::~The purpose of the pilgrimage was primarily to pay homage to 's dead, not only at Vimy Ridge, bat on other European battlefields where Canadians ha l fought. Consequently the party will he divided into two one northern and one southern. The northern group will proceed from Montreal to Antwerp, visiting Y pres and Fa-sehendaele on its way to Vimy : the southern group will disembark at Havre, going by train t »~ Albert and Arras. Thi- part will visit the Somme ire i- first, then concentrate on Vimy for the unveiling of Canada's national memorial.
1936: Canada::~Anywhere in  To United Stntes ..
1936: Canada::~Bettor Broadcasts For  From Great Britain
1936: England::London, —~More and better broadcasts for Canada are announced by the British Broadcasting Corporation. Beginning in April, a service to Western Canada known as “transmission six”~ will be increased by one hour and programs expanded accordingly. Much pressure has been put on the corporation to reply to the German and Italian propaganda broadcasts in English which Hood the United States nightly and are heard in the Dominion The view taken in London, however, is that the Broadcasting Corporation can best serve Empire listeners by giving them unbiased news and facts about British and world affairs. The corporation believes that by building up a reputation for accuracy, listen-
1936: United States:Canada:~While the Peace Garden on boundary Is n permanent and visible Indication of friendship between the United States and Canada, there have been many other evidences of goodwill. Among them have been the benefactions of wealthy people of  which have been offered to  as well as to their own country—such as the assistance for higher education from the Rockefeller Foundation.
1936: Canada::~er of  and had many Canadian |	-----
1936: United States:Canada:~sion is surely an unnecessary detail, establish the llassam Fund for the I Winnipeg alderman should take warn, encouragement of painting in the Un- | ing __ Winnipeg Tribune, ited States and Canada, the income being used to buy works by artists of both countries. The pictures thus obtained are to be presented to public art galleries in the  and . — Winnipeg Free Press.
1936: Canada::~It is significant that in the four years in which the wheat crown did not come to  it was awarded to farmers living in a state immediately adjoining the Canadian border.
1936: Canada::~In view of the increasing popularity of goat keeping in , it is ebssrved that goats require approximately the same care as dairy cows. Goats should be housed In wet, cold weather, and during the fall months they should be brought into the goat ham ac night As the weather heaumes colder they will be more and more confined, until finally in the winter months their only outing will he once a day for exercise. Clover or alfalfa hay is the best all-round lenghage and goats should be fed twice daily on as much as they will eat up readily. Cabbages or roots in the form of turnips or mangels are also relished and may be given regularly. Oats should constitute the main grain, fed twice daily, morning and evening. Five to ten per cent, of ellcake or 26 per cent, bran may be added to the oats. Goats vary in their capacity for grain, so that each goat should be given what teams to be the necessary amount to produce the greatest flow of milk. Ooets always like browfeing and their ring in this connection, states A. À. MacMillan in the recently published bulletin of which he is tbs tho-v, “~Goat Husbandry in Canada,” issued by the Dominion Department of Agriculture, may be satisfied if a few tree limbe from the hash are brought to the yard m vhich the goes are turned out for exercise.
1936: Canada::~The three-day convention being attended by 1,500 members from all parts of .
1936: ¦‘~Aspirin*' Tablets are made in morning she would see him before he Canada. “Aspirin** is the registered i went to work; she would tell him trade-mark oMhe Bayer Company, that he was found out and take that Limited. Look for the name Baver hotel bi„ from him. she no longer in the form of acres, on every tablet. feft ^ though ghe were hia daughter
1936: Canada::~The first Vertical Grand Piano to be made in . Revolutionary In construction—Beautiful tone quality —Compact and modern in design.
1936: Canada:United States:~Anywhere In  To 
1936: “~The consensus of Borstal officers to open a gold mine on the air who have a knowledge of the con-1 shall proceed immediately ^thereaft dition in Canada was to the effect to pilot the China ( Iipper. that ‘the Canadian youth is more One is assured that Mrs. * . I • precocious and' more sophisticatedjlaughed very heartily at 19 than the lad of the same years in I off of her press conferences.
1936: Canada::~The routine under the new system in  has been set as follows:
1936: Canada::~D. H. Gilbertson, cashier of The Royal Bank of  at Simcoe, Ont., has just celebrated his fifth birthday.
1936: Canada::~Members of Masonic Lodges m all parts of  and one or two representatives of Lodges in the United State®, were guests of Pontiac Lodge, A. F, &A.M, at their regular meeting on Friday evening of last week.
1936: Canada:United States:~The special feature of the ing was the exemplification of degree work by a team composed of members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, who have become well and favourably known in  and parts of the  for their splendid work and picturesque appearance in their snappy uniforms with which they are clad while filling the various
1936: "Their success is wholly due to the «~our/ye, initiative and tireless energy which they have given to the develop-rient of unsubsidized air services : throughout Northern Canada and without which many thriving mining raps could not exist."
1936: One cannot help thinking of these boys ami girls of the homes from which they come, of the land which has been the background of their par-enta* lives, and is the background of their own lives. We are very anxious to give them th«~ opportunity of education, hut aie we forgetting this Important factor in their lives, the land. A D. Street, who once farmed ill Canada. and who now farm?»~ in Wiltshire in the southwest of England, ii never tired of advocating the unappreciated place and value of fhe land in life of the nation. Ills words are as true of our land here as of England. “It matters not to what political faith cling. It is in material # whether be certain, doubtful, arrogant, or
1936: Canada::~Shut in a airmail {r>nuage  now «Brrirtl “about twice the weight of 11 per head of population as the ‘Waited States.”
1936: Canada::~PRESCRIPTION TABLETS Au aid to ilendernese and " body chemical balance. A preparation to eliminate waste material- Price SI.00 and S2.0C box. Oat of town custom-send money with order Sole Distributors for Dominion of .
1936: Canada::~Magnesia Tablets. Made in .
1936: Canada::~Seoul.* and Cuba of Upper  College gave their annual entertainment at the Little Theatre. Toronto, presenting "The Coining of the Round an amusing pirate play
1936: Canada::~Each tender must be accompanied by an accepted bank cheque on a chartered bank in , payable to the order of the Minister of Public Works, equal to half of the amount of the annual
1936: Canada:Canada:~Matches in South America are from poplar by the veneer method. Une firm imports annually between s oot and 10,000 tons of poplar, chiefly from northern Europe, particularly *mla!ld; It is known as populas tremula, very similar to the trembling aspen or Populas tremuloides of , accord-to the Industrial Department of the Canadian National Railways. Inquiries are being made as to sources of supply in .
1936: Canada::~Trans  Highway
1936: Canada::~A passable Trans  highway	Tenders Wanted
1936: Canada::~for Trans  highway
1936: Canada::~contributions had been made to the province of Quebec to bring existing toads up to the Trans  Highway standard
1936: Canada::~Help to Make  More Beautiful
1936: Canada:usa:~The unlovely things and unattractive places in  that displease the eye are made by man. It is time he set out to do some of the damage that has been done. There are primrose paths for all to tread who care to make them. An amazing amount of worry can be spaded under along those paths in a bright spring afternoon. Since Adam tilled the first garden nfliny pastimes hive to claim their thonds but have passed out of the picture while gardening has stood through the centuries. There must be something in it. Buy some flower seeds, plant some flowers or shrubs this spring.
1936: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1936: nearly 6,000 registered and î~iriH been ivm throughout Canada.
1936: Canada::~"Aspirin" Tablets arc made in . "Aspirin” is the registered trade-mark of the Bayer Company, Uirtfted. Look for the name Bayer in tike form of a cross on every tablet.
1936: Canada::~ThmudiJi m  K»« f-ene/ttei b m7 t199 mftt in the .Mit sia yean. Only lumtad number bets *w,|*We, f*m’t delay; send to names NOW'.
1936: Canada::~years in  as Governor-General nnd a Mission to China in 192(5, this service has been rendered wholly in India. There Lord Willingdon crossed the great watershed of modern history, for he took charge of the Governorship of Bombay little more than a year before the outbreak of the War, and one of the first of bis many contributions to the good of India was his instinctive recognition that Bombay, and not Simla or Delhi, was the real base of the Indian contingents, to whom he gave untiring support and encouragement ns they passed through the great port. His acceptance of the Governorship of Madras, at the conclusion of on extended term in Bombay, was an unusual step; but it was proof of the love of India which had already captivated him, and for the quality of his devotion to her interests. And from Madras, after an interval, he passed to the highest place of all."
1936: MONTREAL —~ Completion of the trans-Canada air route from Halifax
1936: nees of the Imperial Air Route to the Toronto, diphtheria's ravages were Far East, at present imperiled by reduced from 1,022 cases and 04 European unrest, was urged by jcatha -in 1929 l0 22 cases and no Georg© XV. Wakeman, district inspec-1 deathss at ail in 1034. This was a re-tor, aviation branch, department °~f 1 cord which, under present circum-nationai defense, during an address stanPCSe the city could not expect to Access to the Kaat by Britain I duplicate, and in 1935 there were 40 in caso of interruption of air com- casP* and 8 deaths, an insignificant munie(itien between Loidon, India, I num^er whon compared with the rc-Austraiiu and Oriental interests, Lor(j 0f 1929 and earlier years, be-could best be obtained via Canada, he | forc toxoiding of the city’s children
1936: Exptaining details of thu trans-1 jt j3 the toxoî~ding Canada air route, he said there would whjch has wrought the change. Since bo about 110 airdromes, including 20	125,000 have been given this
1936: Canada::~opinion that the number of demands	----;	guest was given the "cold shoulder" the salient physical features of Swe- they will enter  by	| years, weighing better, than 3400 Pounds.
1936: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1936: Canada::~ly than does Dr. Robertson in con- Western , and if the Aust ai eluding his narrative in the follow- Ians have something of the nature <1^ tog words:	scribed, the matter should bo looked
1936: Canada::~Hero in . Mav Day was just	1/ • J * J	tho whole man (women seem to be
1936: Canada::~In Australia will be of interest to ing sport personalities or any par- ^are 0f tbe familp ouota allowed to Western . It Is said that aus- ticular angle to a game, write to Ken parents, traita Is embarking on a road-building Edwards, Room 421,	73 Adelaide 1
1936: Canada::~4. Responsibility to that organ	for	ing	around. And that means	more	 this year for Nova Scotia’s
1936: Canada::~when a selective form of immigration will be both desirable and possible. I have in mind particularly those fitted and willing to engage in mixed farming on small holdings on a basis of sef sustainment rather than for export. True, large areas in the West are not suited for mixed farming, and the local market there is definitely limited, but wheat will continue for years to be the major item of agricultural production on the Prairies. Fortunately, the world outlook for wheat is gradually brighten ing. Some progress Is being made In regaining for Canadian wheat the goodwill of millers and the wheat trade generally In Great Britain. But present and prospective prices are such as to call for the minimum of production costs and the highest possible grades. Only in this way may wfteat farmers compete successfully in world markets. Meanwhile,  as a whole must seek to obtain, by trade agreements and otherwise, markets that have been lost in Great Britain, Continental Europe and the Orient. I think we have learned the lesson that our business is to sell it at world prices rather than to hold it for speculation or with a view to forcing higher prices.—John Imrie in Canadian Business (Montreal).
1936: Canada::~distributors for the Dominion of . Boz 122, Station H, 142^ St. Catherine St. West, Montreal.
1936: United States:Canada:~The new Wnrba potato la without a doubt, the finest origination of a century In the early potato class. It has been tried In many parts of  and  and all results have shown that It Is fully two weeks ahead and more productive than the well known early variety Irish Cobbler. Its shape In roundish skin and flesh white, eyes about the same depth as those of the Cobbler variety, but pinkish In color. It cooks well. Is dellclouc and keeps very well. Our trial at Macdonald College last Summer, has convinced us that It will soon be the leading early variety of potato for our northern climate. While our stock lasts:
1936: needs of a small community» this Bank’~s expansion has matched Canada s epic growth# To-day The Bank of Nova Scotia s facilities are as extensive as Canada’s world-wide interests—a complete international banking service—adapted to the individual needs of each client.
1936: Canada:Canada:~Canada but our great statesmen other ware for other businesses, and the builders of  could he And such a tabulation would ccr-remembered. As far as this part of tainly show that this and other  is concerned it is an ideal mining communities have a great time. The country is at its best; the deal to do with keeping things go-Spriiig flowers are in all their glory, ing “down below."—Northern News Then there would be some excuse, (Kirkland Lake).
1936: Canada::~Elmside Women elm titut	1 in  and why ’ Miss Emma this the occasion of your last meeting will be in charge of childrens’ work. {V®ri \v* r,r)6. Keith Brownlee ing, June 24th, in honor of Mr. and
1936: Canada::~of * as one
1936: “~(2) On and after the first of January, 1937, no person shall manufacture, Import Into Canada, sell, offer or have iir-possesaion for sale any package cheese unless such package contains cheese of the full net weight of| ene-quarter pound, one half-pound, one pound or multiples thereof, but nothing in this subsection shall be held to apply to cheese of indiscriminate weight manufactured by individual farmers and sold by them/'
1936: Canada::~possible to provide even for civic aer- larly susceptible to destruction y ^ due courge he wa8 8cntenced ing jobs once in a while, if they like, vices, is visiting  and has an- winds or heavy rains. Stake them e* ^ ^ree years in prison; and now or even “swapping” with Peg, as long nounced that he intends to establish fore the buds start to open an save ^ appellate court has reduced this as they don't bother you about it. a Summer residence in this country, the beauty of the delphiniums. QMx 8entence to two yearg> ^marking What? Boys make beds and sweep
1936: Canada::~The two judges will continue the the auspices of the Central  inipiii y started by the public accounts Exhibition Association and the directors niuiittce I the last Legislature, and and management, with confidence firmly will investigate all (Government depart- based, assure patrons that the wonder-i icuts, including the provincial police, | tul records of the past will be eclipsed. Ionization dvpirtment and the 1 The admission to the grounds for 'counts department of the Legislative I <,lulls is twenty-five cents,.but coupon Assembly.	tickets giving six admissions for one
1936: Canada::~Western  Drought Damage Outlined by Dr. E. S. Archibald
1936: 3rd—~Made the cemetery a beauty spot in the village, and a credit to those who have fiiends buried there. One recent visitor said that it was the nicest looking cemetery in Eastern Canada.
1936: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  .. $1.50 To  ..
1936: Canada::~makers of Bee Hive Golden Com Syrup (f) and Durham Com Starch are happy to offer to their friends throughout  a handsome two tone reproduction"of His Majesty, King Edward VÏÏL The portrait (by Bassanô) is one of the most recent and has been specifically designed tor
1936: Canada::~Miss Annin ta McDowell returned last week from a motor trip through Western  and Western States
1936: Canada::~Central  Exhibition Had Total Attendance 299,090
1936: Canada::~Although the total attendance son, Arthur, of Ottawa of Central  Exhibition was week end visitors with relatives (1,100 less than the attendance of | in town and vicinity.
1936: Canada::~Attorney for Hull judiciary dis- Shaw, who accompanied them on her father, the late Duncan C.uup-trjct	a motor trip to Swastika, Out. bell came to  with a Scot
1936: Canada::~The exodus to Europe is an excellent indication of the return of better times in  abroad is a luxury. Few persons go in for this sort of a holiday unless they feel "they can really afford it. The fact that so many are travelling shows that the financial situation
1936: Canada::~Mission to 	......
1936: Canada::~not so familiar. The plans ot the Scottis.i show will follow the Unes of the Scottish trade ship which v.sit ed  several years ago.
1936: Canada::~The National Parks Branch of the Department of the Interior, which administers the Migratory Birds Convention Act throughout , has advised all public markets, cold storages and game dealers in Quebec, respecting the change in the Migratory Bird Keguia-which prohibits completely the sale of migratory birds Formerly the sale of was permitted in the open Province ot (^u«becf Put. under nu amendment to the regulations, wild ducks are now included with all other
1936: Canada::~the Commissioner . Ottawa.
1936: Canada::~f ess ion, or for that matter any other I war which never stops; armed interprofession in  or even %n the vcntjon js only a later stage and when entire North American continent, can | ^hat has run its course there is a
1936: Canada::~berta and British Columbia, is provided for in regulations 27 and 28 of the Dairy Industry Act of C anada. Ontario implemented it at the last legislative session, and the law was proclaimed in the last of the  Gazette, fixing the
1936: Canada::~There is early announcement that ported by booksellers as well as  will place an exhibit in the by publishers, has narrowed ®
1936: Canada::~Plans to move young cattle from the drought area of western  were announced last week by Hon. James U. Gardiner, Minister of Agriculture. The plans cover movement to parts of the prairies outside the drought area as
1936: Canada::~well as to eastern , 1 be Minister has submitted his plans to the cabinet and they have been accepted.
1936: Canada:Canada:~The spruce fly he said is the worst menace In a!I  this year, especially in Eastern . Dr. Gibson is also chairman of the Destructive Insect and Best Act Advisory Board.
1936: Canada::~dustry in  depleted,” ho said. "We are hoping through these para-
1936: Canada::~Bank of  Under Federal Control
1936: Canada::~Final steps in the partial nationaliza f the Bank of  were taken •futly when the Government act 1 {){) -joo 1’last's B shares and apt*’ x ' additional directors to represent those holdings, thus assuring Govern ..wnership and control. 1 his i< m accordance with legislation adopted at the last session of Parliament.
1936: A suryluW $12,*99 for this year’~s fair me Imported by Dr. G. M. Qildert, president, at a meeting of directors of Central Canada Exhibition Association, h*ld on Tuesday of last week.
1936: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1936: Canada:Canada:~ier Baldwin announced that the Gov- I merce between Britain and , ernment intended to increase the R. I More pictures come from Britain to A.F.	personnel by 22,500, including	 than move in the other dir
1936: Canada::~other 66 major communities in  covered by a recent government report.
1936: Canada::~While  as a whole will harvest a tight grain crop thin ydar, fortunately there are normal crops throughout the Martime Vrovirces. in Quebec, and in certain areas of t4re other provinces. However these crons will scarcely offset the shortages which exist in other parts
1936: Canada::~Work in Western .’ De-	--- was conducted by Rev. A. P.
1936: United States:Canada:~used on all the long distance air linos in the , will be part of the crews in . On a 15-hour flight there must he so-io proviso»» for other
1936: Canada::~to  mad ami pa
1936: Canada::~d l weeds, uir never did churches today/ anything more in  than to make speeches such as the one he
1936: Canada::~A fast Trans- air service, handling mail and passengers, will go into operation July 1 next from Montreal and Toronto to Vancouver,
1936: Canada::~# "Aspirin * tablets arc made in . “Aspirin” is the registered trade-mark of the Bayer Company, Limited, of Windsor, Ontario. Look for the name Bayer in the form of
1936: n OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. List of Wanted Invention» and lull Information rent free. THE RAMSAY Company, World Patent Attorney»~, 273 Bank Street, Ottawa, Canada.
1936: Canada::~The production of creamery butter in  for the eight months of 1936, ended Sept. 30, showed an increase of 6,160,367 lbs., or 3.2 per cent., compared with the corresponding months of 1935, the figures being 200,784,550 lbs. in 1936, and 194,024,183 lbs. in 1935*. The increase for the month of September, 1935, WAS 1,300,000 lbs. or 5 per cent, compared with September, 1935.
1936: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To 
1936: CANADA::~BVY MADF-IN- GOODS
1936: CANADA::~A Product of The  STARCH COMPANY Limited Listen to^Syrup Symphonies’* every Monday night from S to ?.30 ES. T
1936: Canada::~Here are Canadian delegates iu Europe attending some of the important meetings that have been goluf I,eft to right, Dr. W. A. Itiddell, 's permanent delegate to the League of Nations; Dr. O. I>. ton, Undersecretary of State for Foreign Affairs; Col. f\ P. Va nier, adviser in State Department; I aul Martin, M.P., for Essex West, who attended the Youth Conference, Senator Dandiirand.
1936: Canada::~W. Gladstone Murray, who has been appointed general manager of the Canadian Radio Broadcasting Corporation, arrived in  Thursday aboard the Canadian Pacific liner Empress of Britain. He is seen speaking Into the “mike" Just before leaving Quebec by boat train for Montreal and Ottawa.
1936: Canada::~Market hay producers in  hurt the reputation and saleability of their product in export markets through baling practices which are either careless or fail to recognize market preferences and prejudices. Proper baling, as well as quality, have an influence on the saleability and price of hay in most markets, and when, as has frequently been the case in recent year»t conditions of supply and demand liave enabled buyers to pick and choose, this influence becomes doubly itnpor-
1936: United States:Canada:~Practically every buyer prefers bales of uniforn size and weight, neatly tied and not too heavily pressed. Most  markets available to Eastern  prefer bales weighing not over 125 to 130 pounds. Too frequently Canadian hay is heavily pressed into bales weighing upwards of 200 pounds, and often with angular, ragged ends through the use of bale ties of uneven lengths. This is usually done to save wire, but often reduces the market value much in excess of the saving. Such bales are heavy and awkward for one man to as well as being unattractive, pressed hay does not “shake out” so in appearance. The very heavily pressed bay does not “shake out” so well as when more lightly pressed, and is more likely to spoil in warm storage, especially if any surface moistuie from rain, snow
1936: t liâ~t Canada lias title, and Ticlle’* 10grand champ ionship in H years competition. Ile is the only man ever scoring a
1936: # “Aspirin”~ tablets are made in Canada. “Aspirin” is the registered trade-mark of the Bayer Company, Limited, of Windsor, Ontario. Look for the name Bayer RgNgNMIg in the form of a cross on / every tablet. Za7
1936: Canada::~interest and benefit of everyone in .
1936: France:Canada:~"Ip is not used in rope making \, Russia, , India and parts of he United Stales and  are the Idef hemp producing countries, llemp be raised several years In suction and three bushels of seed are equlred to plant an acre of ground, ac-ordlng to n writer in the Indiana Turner's Guide
1936: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1936: Canada::~J iront & Co () lid.. Toronto & Mont/ta
1936: Canada::~of Wanted Inventions and full in formation sent free THE RAMSAY Patent Attorney*. 27.1 Hank Street, Ottawa .
1937: Market hay producer»~ in Eastern Canada hurt the reputation ami saleability of their product in export markets through baling practices which are either cureless or fail to recognize market preference and prejudices. Proper baling, ns well as quality, have an influence on the saleability and price of hay in most markets, and when, as has frequently been the case in recent years, conditions of supply and demand have enabled buyers to pick and choose, this influence becomes doubly important.
1937: United States:Canada:~Practically every buyer prefers bales of uniform size and weight, neatly tied and not too heavily pressed. Most  markets 1 available to Eastern  prefer bale# weighing not over 125 to 130
1937: Russia:Russia:~It is expected that, with the restoration of normal commercial relations between Canada and , the latter country will offer a market for Canadian dairy cows, pedigree livestock and cattle for restocking n farms, horses, seeds, metnls, machinery, tools and other commodities.
1937: United States:Canada:~Outlook information is comparatively new in Canada, although it has been carried on for a number of years in the . In that country the Federal Department of Agriculture publishes a comprehensive report which is later adapted and used by the individual States, Through an extensive system of Outlook meetings, the information is put into the hands of individual producers. In  a num her of the Provinces are now issuing Outlook reports, but in most provinces the extension services have not as yet been able to carry the information to the farmers through Outlook meetings. For this reason it is necessary that producers study the report individually.
1937: Canada:Japan:~Insofar as actual quantity is con In spite of the fact that  was cerned,  is self-sufficient in excluded by trade policies from the wheat, having produced over 47,900,- market for half of 1935, the Do-000 bushels in 1935, but 16,318,000 minion supplied 1,929,029 bushels in bushels were imported for blending, that year.
1937: Canada:Canada:~sound or report of any firearm has been proclaimed a criminal offence #B , unless a permit has been obtained, according to a proclamation in the  Gazette.
1937: Canada:United States:~Excellent crystals are found In Norway, Russia and . In the , zircon Is produced most ex teqalvely In Florida, but Is found also In North Carolina, New York, New Jersey and Colorado. The ordinary opaque varieties are employed for furnace and crucible linings, and In making the brilliant zircon light, which Is similar to the U roe light.
1937: W. Wilson. President and Manag I ««~jf we would set an example to Ing Director, at the 68th Annual the world we must manifest that General Meeting of The Koyal I unuguai degree of self control Bank of Canada.	I which restrains booms and thus
1937: “~It Is gratifying that the stocks by thc monetary authorities in the of grain in Canada are again of United States and that they are normal proportions. Nature is in a firing definite action. The world fair way to take the Government hftH not previously experienced a of Canada out of the grain bust- perlod when borrowing rates have
1937: canada::~of assorted Australian jams I .
1937: postal note or by the appropriate con enclosed between two squares of tin cardboard gummed together at th edges. Applications should be a»» dressed to the King’~s Printer, Govern ment Printing Bureau, Ottawa, Canada and since the supply is strictly limite* for both the 25 cent and 10 cent classe» early application is suggested.
1937: The text page illustrations are printed in tone and there are two photogravure inserts one of which, the frontispiece, is 1 an ant-hill It takes but a few minutes a reproduction of an official photograph to tear up the hard, cemented clay and of King George VI together with the hay the deep galleries bare; then put-texts of the proclamation of his accès- ting Its gutta-percha muzzle to the sion to the Throne and the Prime mouths of each gallery, It draws such Minister’~s Message on behalf of the I n blast of air through them that the people of Canada ; the other insert is I industrious laboring ants are sucked illustrative of Canada’s export trade, a int0 jl8 gullet In drifts. Afterwards branch of our economy which has shown | tbe bear digs right down to the royal splendid progress during the past year
1937: Canada:England:~In recent years Louisiana, California and Florida In this country, also Quebec and Ontario In , have reported a commercial silkworm Industry. It has also been tried in other states with but little success. In colonial days It was Introduced into the southern section and New , but was allowed to languish and there have been several attempts to revive It. The chief difficulties have been the long hours and extreme patience Phone, 14-2 required to establish an Industry that can compete with cheap Oriental and European labor; also the fact that the best kind of mulberry tree for silkworms Is too tender for our northern states.
1937: Canada::~Anywhere in  .. $1.50 To United St fîtes
1937: Canada::~There are a few lepers in , In New Brunswick and British Columbia, nearly all of them Chinese. The disease Is epidemic In the West Indies and also occurs In Mexico.
1937: Canada::~# "Aspirin" tablets are made in  by the Bayer Company, Limited.of Windsor, Ontario. /
1937: Japan:United States:~Compared with the corresponding figures for a year earlier, the number of registered unemployed persons has declined in Australia, Belgium, Bulgaria. Canada, Chile, Czechoslovakia. Danzig. Denmark. Finland. France, Germany. Great Britain, Hungary, , Latvia, New Zealand, Norway, Rumania, Sweden and the .
1937: France:Poland:~In sonv. countries the number of persons employed in industry is now larger than In 1929. The figure is lower than in 1929 In Canada, the United States, Belgium, , Czechoslovakia, Luxenbourp, the Netherlands,  and Switzerland.
1937: investors to establish agencies in the | Referee Domina •~ so that they can become perfectly familiar with the opportunities in Canada and, hence, be able to discriminate between good and bad prospects. British investors are as a rule very cautious and like to see their way clearly before they commit themselves. Capitalists in the United States are near at hand, and they are quick to seize every appor-tunity that promise* rich rewards.^—
1937: The United Church and the Liquor Problem 2—A New Approach. “The General Council would welcome a reinfoicement of the Christian conscience in the form of total abstinence.”—~The General Council of the United Church of Canada.
1937: Canada::~ger, B. Blondin, R. Barbeau, W. nouie-	Central  Bonspeil in Ot-	„
1937: Canada::~Local Curlers Compete in Central  Speil At Ottawa
1937: Canada::~Without the presence of the best horse on every farm, efficiency in transforming farm feeds into horse power, will never be realized with any economy or profit. There is a wide field in  to produce horses with more power and endurance than the average draft horse seen around many farms. And it is well also that there arc many farmers who are fast coming to regard poor property that horse which not fully fit the task by which he pays his way.
1937: Canada::~system of selective immigration  had adopted a dangerous and foolish policy, he said, in allowing immigrants to take out naturalization papers alter five years residence in the country.
1937: Canada::~| Along 's Mining Highway !
1937: news. Kerr Addison, Martin Bird and Mamie—~No indeed. I found the upper Canada Mines have recently dress I wanted in the very first SUpp|jed news of major importance, store I went into.
1937: CANADA::~UPPER  MINES, located some miles to the west, has encountered good values over most Important widths in recent diamond drilling. The Company la reliably reported to have close to $200,000 In the treasury. The 500 foot level should be reached by March 1st.
1937: Junior—~You mean in Canada Teacher—Yes, of course. Junior—Baseball and football.
1937: Canada::~OIUOLK MINES, adjoining Upper , Is to bo giver an underground test In view of diamond drilling results, reported to he favourable and consistent.
1937: Canada::~Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street, Ottawa, .
1937: Canada::~Anywhere in  .. $1.60 To ITnited States
1937: # “Aspirin”~ tablets are made in Canada by the Bayer Company, Limited, of Windsor,
1937: Canada::~British people desiring to bring out to  their
1937: CANADA::~The  STARCH COMPANY Limited
1937: Canada::~fancied on relief rolls In  this year compared with the nvmber for tho BUttie HKiith n 1936, Labor Minister Norman Rogers revealed In an addrçBS here. Tho number who reooiv-ed rollof In January this year was 7V4 cent below the figures for Janu-
1937: OTTAWA, —~ Made-ln-Canada sandals worth $14.000, are a coronation gift to Queen Elizabeth, It is announc-
1937: Canada::~port came in for comment when officials of several Western  air services appeared. They said limited control was possible but warned against too drastic regulation.
1937: OTTAWA—~The highway traffic clause of the transport bill was condemned before the Senate Railways Committee recently by bus and transport companies of Eastern and Central Canada andd representatives of six provinces.
1937: TORONTO, —~ This city will observe both holidays in May Coronation on May 12tli will be public tioliday throughout Canada, and Victoria Day, May 24th, is a sta-lutory holiday.
1937: • "Aspirin”~ tablets are made in Canada "Aspirin" is the registered trade-mark of the Bayer Company. Limited, of Windsor. Ontario. Look for the name Bayer in the form of a cross on every tablet
1937: CANADA::~BUY MADE-IN- GOODS
1937: United States:Canada:~Mounting production costs was forcing his company to give consideration to higher prices to the farmer, Mr Duncan said. Three or four companies In the  and one in  had already announced higher
1937: OTTAWA. — Large Canadian import houses claim that the. laid—~ down cost of British commodities i* everyday use in Canada has advanced 60 to 100 per cent, sine# 1530, and that the cost of similar United States goods has Jumped 76 to 126 per cent.
1937: Canada:Canada:~Discussion on the when it was said here the Canadian government was being urged to remove the excise tax on sugar to enable extension of the manufacture of the commodity from sugar beets in . Members of the local chamber felt that any increase in the beet production of  would react to the detriment of the West Indies sugar industry.
1937: The sales tax, so-called “~painless, form of taxation Is netting the Federal Treasury $115,000,000 this year. The huge revenue goes back to the people of Canada in the form of age-old pensions, unemployment and drought relief.
1937: SHAWINJCIAN FALLS, Que.—~Lack of purchasing power in Canada Is not due to a scarcity of money, said F. C.
1937: Canada::~There is no general shortage of money in , Mr. Biggar said, for In 193d Hie public had. In hank deposits and bank notes, more than $2,- | ties.
1937: SAISKATOON. Sask.—~The thrill of reading a book which was once the personal property of Queen Mary will come to many a prairie as the result of a gift of about 60 books by the Queen to assist Lady Twecdsmuir, wife of the Governor-General of Canada, to start libraries in prairie communi-
1937: Hamilton—~The Steel Company of Canada Limited announced a general wage increase of 10 per cent, in their plant, effective April 1.
1937: usa:Canada:~dressed poultry to Great Britain, it was said by an official of Canada Packers Limited, as hotels and restaurants am stocking up in preparation for tiie millions of visitors who will Into the country in May. thond boxes of dressed poultry, amounting to 500,000 pounds, shipped to the British market from  last’week.
1937: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1937: Canada::~! Along 's Mining Highway j
1937: Canada::~N OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. Usi of wanted inventions and full information sent free. THE RAMSAY Company, WorH Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street, Ottawa, .
1937: Canada::~RIUINAL, SENSATIONAL, YET VERY practical way of playing piano, gufta. and ukulele, by matching colors. '* but the world's latest musical aenea No teacher or instruction hecewiary You can play today the Musicoior Way Write for free Booklet now. Represehtatlves wanted, with first-class references.
1937: Horn in Elpin County, Rosseom-mon, Ireland, 97 years ago, he was s .. ft son ot the late Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Thorne township loses one ot its McManu®~. In 1861, Mr. McManus oldest and most respected citizens CAme to Canada in company with
1937: United States:Canada:~The existence of Lima dates back almost 100 years before the Pilgrims land at Plymouth Rock. England's historic fight with the Spanish armada was still half a century in the future. Martin Luther was still alive. Shakespeare had not been torn yet Latin America bad a well-established civilization before the first white man made home In what Is now the  and .
1937: Canada::~chief of the Salvation Army m , has been appointed chief of staff of the organization, second only to General Evangeline
1937: One of the most unique weeky "camps”~ held in Canada, not in the Scouting world, is that enjoyed each Saturday afternoon at the Sick Children’s Hospital, Thistle-
1937: Canada::~It is not too late in most parts or  to order and plant perennial
1937: Canada::~As a special Coronation service of loyalty, combined with a good turn, the Buy Scouts of , with their brother Scouts throughout the E-m-have taken on the task of sell-special edition of the Corona-Program throughout the Do-The service of loyalty is that every person possible,
1937: Canada::~The Salvation Army operates over 1,500 Social Service Institutions. Out of this number 52 Social Service Institutions are serving 's needy;
1937: Canada:Canada:~in the case of tenders quoting for one or more places or buildings and when the total of their offer exceeds the sum of $5,000.00, they must attach to their tender a certified cheque on a chartered bauk in Canada, made payable to the order of the Honourable the Minister of Public Works, equal to 10 per cent of the amount of the tender, or Bearer Bonds of the Dominion of  or of the Canadian National Railway Company and its constituent comp in tea, unconditionally guaranteed as to principal and interest by the Dominion of , or the aforementioned bonds and a certified cheque if required to make up an odd amount.
1937: Canada::~We are curious to know when, why and under what circumstances these men came to  and especially to Clarendon.
1937: Canada:England:~In one of the old history books we were told that in 1812, when the United States declared war on Britain and invaded , Governor Brock had very few regular troops, as they had been gradually sent back to  to aid against the threatened invasion of Napoleon, and when this dire event happened, Colonel Sac Ice tt, one of his aides was hurriedly seut to London to beg for help. We are told he started post haste from Newark (Niagara), but it took a full three weeks to reach Quebec, and owing to unfavorable winds he could not leave for several weeks more, and the journey across the Atlantic was equally slow so that almost seven months elapsed before he presented his request at Downing Street.
1937: Canada::~for .	.	_	«, ¦ «
1937: Spain::~But just at this time, late hall of 1812, Wellington, with his Irish troops, had successfully driven the French over the Pryeness, out of  and were returning home. The men had put in five years in the peninsular war and were demobilized. Two regiments, amongst whom were quite a number of these were hastily recruit ed and in the Summer of 1813, sent out. It was well after midsummer when they reached Quebec and they saw little active service that year, but were used the Summer of 1814, when the war ended. When their five years were served these tnen were given the choice of being sent home, or if they wished to become colonists would be given a land grant nr 200 acres and a cooking ou tut. W e know many of these soldiers settled in Lanark and Caneton Counties, and evidently a lew came up the l iver and settled in our township. In several places we find remains of these old cooking outfit* at the old homestead»~ of Joseph Brownlee, Dennis Lynn, Geo Armstrong, and we are told there is almost an entire outfit at the Stephens home in Litchfield. This is evidence at least that these men were in Canada for years be fore the fresh settle!s came up the river in 1821.
1937: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1937: Canada::~Bournemouth, Hampshire, May 1 The Duke of Connaught only surviving son of Queen Victoria, today celebrated his 87th birthday. His Royal Highness, who was Governor General of , 1911-1916, remained in his hotel here during the day. It was stated his leg ailment was easing.
1937: Canada:Russia:~Half of the skins at a big London i from , while the distributed among ,
1937: TORONTO —~ Canada had attempted to build a Babel tower that wan «'all materialism” and that embodied a «'groat confusion to tongues,” said Georges Bouchard, M.P., from Quebec to a reporter, making a plea for the small farm and the fostering of the rustic arts.
1937: Mr. Bouchard, who claims he Is "intellectually” a tiller of the soil, and points out that his family have been part of the Quebec soil for ten generations, ‘‘~since before 1680/' arrived In Toronto to address the Handicraft Association of Canada, and to attend the executive meeting of the Canadian Association of Adult Education.
1937: Canada::~lie believes that If  is to enjoy stability and employment, as well as contentment and happiness, there must be a lot of small farms. The large induerial farm has led to Instability, overproduction and unemployment. In his part of Quebec, where there Is a shorter season, not as uniform a soil, and where the farms are not as close to the large centres as in Southern Ontario, the people are closer to a self supporting basis
1937: Canada::~nese in  ate 12 dozens of eggs	ment on the prospect of Lome going
1937: Canada::~The City of Oshawa, Ontario, cats more eggs than any other city in the Dominion. This fact is revealed in the recent studies of the consumption of various food products in different cities and rural districts of , carried out by the Economics Branch, Dominion Department of Agriculture, In co-operation with the Provincial Departments.
1937: Canada::~Span  in 21 Hours
1937: Canada::~D. Howe has returned to Ottawa, after consulting President S. J. Hun-gerford of the Canadian National Railways on the projected trans- airlines which wiïl be controlled by the railway. The Minister said he still expected the transcontinental service would start next fall, depending on the delivery of planes and the construction of emergency landing fields, particularly in the West.
1937: Canada::~Arrangements were completed for field crop competitions in barley. The plot will require four acres of ground ing link will be flown from Montreal	and entry fee will be $1. The proto Halifax, making a tran-	vincia department will	pay 50 per
1937: Canada::~Mr. Bouchard told a reporter here I nard, research director for the Farm that the association intended to spon- Chemurgic Council, told the Missis-sor a competition for the best suits sippi Farm Chemurgic Conference to-of Canadian wool, for the Dionne ady that soy beans, which last year quintuplets. He asked the Hand- attained the ranking of the American crats Association of  for as- farmer’s fourth largest cash crop, sistance in organizing the project, may become the source of an artifi-which would not only benefit the wool | cial wool he said, was produced from
1937: Canada::~m spite of marked progress during recent years as a result of immunisation campaigns, we cannot say that diphtheria has been really conquered In  as long as the disease élaims 160 lives In three months, as
1937: Canada::~tricts ot , carried out by don, was originally known as thc the Economics Branch, Dominion Route du Roi, being the Plantagene* Department of Agriculture, in co- kings’ road from Westminster to the operation with the Provincial De- royal forests. “Pal1 Mall" received pertinents.	its name because a game in which
1937: Canada::~in  ate 12 dozens of eggs abaft the bitts—two pieces of timber per head during the year, and the to which the cable was attached Japanese consumed 16 dozen per when the ship rode at anchor.
1937: Canada::~rfflSIlfl 'I rmsm and you will rocelve e package of parliian pansies No. 2549, and magnificent seed catalogue, fully Illustrated, 172 pages, several In natural colours, the finest and must complete in . 6
1937: Canada:France:~Dr. Arthur Gibson, Dominion Entomologist, said the stink bugs are bought by European Governments in the same way  is buying Hungarian parasites to attack the sawfiy that is ravaging Canadian spruce stands. A shipment Is now on the way to .
1937: Canada:Germany:~The potato beetle is something of a commonplace in , but in Europe it is feared like a plague. In  the Government has turned out the army to combat it. Dr. Gibson showed pictures of men industriously spraying potato plants in German fields.
1937: Canada::~During the decade preceding the Great War, immigrants came to  in large numbers. The highest point was reached in 1913 when 382,841 arrived days when the West offered great opportunities. Remember how large posters in railway depots used to announce in screaming letters—FIFTY THOUSAND HARVESTERS WANTED.—Kitchener Record.
1937: Pat Burns’~ career nevertheless is an example. If we had more of his type in Western Canada today, we wouldn't be floundering around as wc are. From the moment this unschooled youth left an Ontario farm for Western Canada he depended upon himself to get anead. He did not look to the State to provide him with relief if things did not go well with him. He took the jobs that canfe to his hand and wnen he found one that suited him best, he plugged along at it until he rose to eminence as the greatest rancher of the west-
1937: Purchase of Princeton Questor, fine two-year-old Shorthorn bull, by the Alberta government from the Duke of Windsor’~s | Canada Imports Apples
1937: Canada::~E.P. ranch at Pekisko to lead the herd at the Olds agricultural school was announced by Hon. W. N. Chant, minister of agriculture. He and his deputy, H. A. Craig, negotiated the purchase at Pekisko on a visit to Southern Alberta, he said. The bull will not be handed over until August, after it has appeared in Western  exhibitions. It may also be shown at Toronto, he said.
1937: Canada:United States:~Not so long ago there was practical I y no exportable surplus of apples from southern hemisphere countries.  and  with late winter varieties practically monopolized the British market from | feminine characteristic after all but March until June. Shipments of this type of fruit were in addition to heavy earlier exports of better varieties such as McIntosh, Spys and Kings. Shortly before the war, however, New Zealand and some sections of Australia and South Amer-
1937: Canada::~The health problem is also a serious one. Many of the trailers have only the sketchiest sanitary equipment, and it is feared that if they come in numbers they may pollute sources of water supply and become a menace to the communities which they visit. Moving from place to place, the trailer people may be tempted to be careless themselves about the water and milk they use, and so may become carriers of disease. The Health League of  suggests a general policy of tourist regulation with a view to safe-guarding public health Province.
1937: Canada::~Rt. Hon. W. L. Mackenzie King, Prime Minister of , pictures as he cut the tape to open the newly constructed Chelsea Bridge in London, Eng., recently.
1937: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To  ..
1937: Canada::~Automobile production in  in 1936 was 16*2,159 units valued at $95,955,204 at factory prices, according in final revised figures issued by the Dominion Bureau &f Statistics. r“
1937: Canada::~The further expansion of our bacon trade with Great Britain depends to a large extent upon quality improvement. Recent advices from the British market criticize our supplies on the score of underfinish in a large percentage of bacon sides, as indicated by softness and flabbiness. This soft flabby bacon is most likely the pioduct of underfinished hogs, of which there are considerable numbers being marketed at yards and plants in  at the present time. The remedy lies with the producer in holding back unfinished hogs. In most cases, another week or so on feed would put on the finish so necessary for the making of firm bacon. All hogs of bacon and select weights should be properly finished at their weights. Undertinisbed is as detrimental as overfinish, and in this case is a very serious obstacle to efforts being made to
1937: Canada::~Cattle Exports in U.S.- Trade
1937: Canada:United States:~States as compared with 1935. Of | To See If Cow Birds the quota for cattle of 700 pounds or more, amounting to 155,700 head, Canada had about 85.5 cent, and Mexico 13.5 per cent., which for  represented about her average percentage of  importations over a number of years.
1937: Canada::~Of the quota of 20,000 head for dairy cattle, all from , the Dominion filled less than 30 per cent. ,
1937: Canada::~ports from  as	55,695 head,	released by	Dr. J. E.	Homing, Ed-
1937: usa:Canada:~Thonds Needed in New Trans  Air Service Says Howe
1937: usa:Canada:~Thonds of young college graduates were needed for the proposed Trans  and Transatlantic Air
1937: Canada::~calves were exported from  during the first two months as dur-“So, as soon as I realized conclus- j ing the corresponding period of 1936
1937: Canada::~A rival to the mining fields of northern  no reared this morning when diggers such as those shown above began to mine in vacant land at William end St- Martin streets. They dug up chunks of dross, looking exactly like coal but much heavier, which the miners said sometimes finds its way
1937: The two new ships mentioned will be commissioned by U. S. Steel’s Pittsburgh Steamship Company—biggest steamshl > line on the lakes with 72 boats —~ Canada Steamship and Interlake Steamship Compan also have large fleets on the lakes — There are many Independent companies.
1937: Canada::~600 pounds as compared with 24,- towns of  having 10,000 pop-
1937: Canada::~the position for at least twenty years. Thi* year the Central  He conceived the idea of making Uar- Exhibition Xs-ociatiun will mark endon a protestant township. In fact fiftieth anniversary by confie made it his boast that he would not ducting a nine-day exhibition allow a Roman Catholic to locate in his instead of the Tusual one week in township. If a party of emigrants ar- Ottawa. The dates are August 19 rived he would find out their church to 28 and nine busy days and affiliations and if they were Catholic he nights are planned, would have some excuse : “No more With the exception of livestock, suitable lands available for settlement, all the departments will be cornnothing but swamp lands left, no room plete for the opening on Thursday for you, etc.” and many a worthy and evening, August 19. The midway desirable family was sent on to the next whl in operation and » lull townships, Bristol and Litchfield. This program of attractions will be
1937: Canada:United States:~Anywhere In  To 
1937: Canada::~JgggggJggB Expenditures by government, municipal and private bodies on steel, concrete and wooden bridges will be among the major it<jms of new construction contracts In  this year. If expansion in bridge building continues at its current rate the total will be substantially in excess of the 1936 volume of $7-700.000, says The Financial Post.
1937: Canada:United States:~New highways, embodying safety features and two or three-lane traffic channels, must also be equipped with bridges of greater width than formerly, and in the highest cost brackets are projected bridge spans at several points between  and the , contemplated or under construction in anticipation of heavier traffic across the international boundary.
1937: Canada::~Even reporters win do funny things. Henry Gadsby, of the Montreal Standard, a brilliant commentator, whose newspaper wit has entcr-ta'ned  for a couple of generations once tried a berth on a Chicago paper. But he didn’t like the way his city editor pronounced the word “lieutenant “Lcf tenant
1937: Canada::~change of the grandstand pro- The fomth annual reunion of lovely in an orchid taffeta gown gram. Featured at night will be the Guest clan was held on Wed- trimmed with velvet of the same the Revue of Tomorrow, present- nesday of last week at Sand Bay j shade and she wore a matching ed by Geo. Hamid. Girls with real with 08 defendants of the late j turb in and carried an arm boutaient as well as good looks, artists James Guest and his wife, quet of Talisman roses and sweet who have been tops in New York Katherine Peever, Mr. Guest came peas. Miss Isabel Fraser, sister of productions, singers, dancers and to  from Tipperary, Ire- the bride, attended as bridesmaid, comedians will be backed in their land, a youth of 10 years and set- and she wore a maize organdy efforts by an elaborate staging and | tried on a farm in Ross township, dress, a matching picture hat anil costume in vesture. The booking Ontario, where he engaged in carried a bouquet of bronze snap-of vaudeville acts for afternoon farming.	dragon. Mr. Harry Steele of
1937: Canada::~Three day sensations In Canadian newspapers were many this week, featured by the discovery and conviction on bigamy charges of George Roedlger, a modern Bluebeard If there ever was one. This dark and handsome 55 year-old German had married, robbed and deserted at least ten women in all parts of  in the last ten years. He pleaded guilty and received nine years In Stony Mountain penitentiary but alert provincial police Sergeant McKay, of Toronto, thinks that the case is not yet closed, for Roedlger Is alleged to have caused the disappearance of Mrs. Christina MacKenzie whom he married in Barrie, Ont., in 1935. Mrs. MacKenzie has not been seen since she left a house on Vauhan Rd., Toronto, a few days after her marriage. Outside of a postcard, allegedly from her, but thought to be a forgery, that her relatives received in December, 1935. there is no trace of the missing widow.
1937: United States:Canada:~Hope died this week in two widely distant parts of the world. In the Pacific ocean's wide southern expanse where the  navy completed its two weeks, $4,000,000 search for Amelia Earhart and Geo. Noonan, and on the wide stretches of Western ’s wheat country where farmers faced the greatest crop failure in the history of the west.
1937: Canada::~Cncertainty as to the working of the Spanish non-intervention agreement has led  to take its own measures to feguard its neutrality Urders-in Council were made public which ban enlistment of
1937: Canada:United States:~Anywhere m  To .
1937: Canada::~Sections of aMnitoba and Alberta are affected, but the great burden of disaster will again fall on Saskatchewan. With the finances of the Province already shattered by successive blows, the Dominion Government will probably have to assist in the relief work, "'hr misfortune of the farmers on the scorched prairies is a blow to all  and will be felt by the whole Dominion. The spirit shown by the Saskatchewan people through the famine years has drawn the admiration of the rest of the country. And they will have the full sympathy from all the provinces in their latest and severest trail.
1937: Canada::~MillerHnd Margaret Caldwell. He brother, Mr Hugh Prendergast. at Mr. and- Mr*. Jas .C\ Leitch, of came to  early in. life, and the home of Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Aberdeen. Wash,, accompanied I x representing COMPANIES -with his brother, R C. Miller, of Richardson, at Radford.	by Mrs. Stackhou*e, of Montreal,
1937: Canada::~one brother, Robert ; two sisters. Mrs Catherine Boucher and Mar#, in Western .
1937: Canada:Canada:~cult vrai Society founded in 1792 under the patronage of John Graves Sim-coo. Governor of Upper . This society founded to aid the development of the products of the farm, so that the sturdy pioneers of Upper  might benefit in their fight against the wilderness hy the pooling of their knowledge and experience, did a mighty work in the development of the struggling colony.
1937: Of the utmost importance Is the fact that exhibit space in the many buildings of the Canadian National Exhibition is In greater demand than has been the case since 1930. Space rentals as a whole are ten to fifteen per cent, higher than ’~ast year, and since the Exhibition has for years been acknowledged as Canada's business barometer this Is Indeed Indicative of the Dominion’s Increasing prosperity.
1937: Canada::~When the Royal Canadian Mounted Police appeared in the recent Coronation parade in London they were accorded a vociferous reception all along the route. Their specially selected, highly-trained horses and the ultra-smart appearance of the men were a credit to . This same carefully prepared unit will be a Canadian National Exhibition feature this year.
1937: us. Many old Indians starved to death last winter for lack of rations. If the President doesn’~t do something for us, we are going to Canada to talk to them.”
1937: Canada::~This Fall we will be in the market for Malting Barley, as well as other grains, so are publishing the following letter from the  Malting Co., in which they give their idea of what kind of Barley is suitable for Malting.
1937: Canada::~The  Year Book
1937: Canada:Canada:~The publication of the 1937 edition of the  Year Book published by authorization of the Hon. W. D. Euler, Minister of Trade and Commerce, is announced by the Dominion Bureau of Statistics. The  Year Book is the official statistical annual of the country and contains a thoroughly up-to-date account of the natural resources of the Dominion and their development, the history of the country, its institutions, its demography, the different branches of production, trade, transportation, finance, education, etc.-— in brief a comprehensive study within the limits of a single volume of the social and economic condition of the Dominion. This new edition has been thoroughly revised throughout and includes in all its chapters the latest information available up to the date of going to press.
1937: Canada::~The 1937  Year Book extends to over 1,100 pages, dealing with all phases of the national life and more especially with those susceptible of statistical measurement. A statistical summary of the progress which the country has made since the first census of the Dominion was taken in 1871,
1937: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To .
1937: MONTREAL—~Hon. J. A. Elphin-stono, nephew of Queen Elizabeth, went to jail this week. The 23-year-old Master Elphinstone, on a tour of Eastern Canada with members of the Overseas League, visited jail here and asked if he could be “fingerprinted and photographed.” Request granted and he was •'mugged” from all angles.
1937: United States:Canada:~The  authorities held up the return to  of the Seagram Cup—which Lawson Little copped at tit. Andrews last year—on the ground that it was made of gold, and they have some sort of a law forbidding the export of said metal from their fair
1937: OTTAWA. —~ The new commercial agreement between the United States and Soviet Russia proclaimed at Washington will have little or no effect on Canada’s trade with either of the countries in the opinion of trade officials here.
1937: Canada:Russia:~Interpretation placed on the agreement here is that the principal change will be to give Russian coal and coke free entry into the United States.  and  are not competitors in this commodity and there is little competition in others.
1937: Russia::The expansion of ’~s purchasing in the United States will also make little difference to Canada. The trade between Canada and Russia, freed last September from a mutual embargo, amounts to only a few thousand dollars a month.
1937: Canada:United States:~When  takes stock of her vulnerability in considering her share in Empire defense, she cannot be blamed for Including the protection that she can reasonably expect from her powerful neighborhood, the , as, an Important •~ Item on the credit side. It would be another matter entirely If she held her place in the Empire merely for what she could get out of it In the way of -benefits; The time might come when those . | benefits would be In danger of being destroyed by aL enemy. Take Australia alone. We buy from Canada more than we sell to her. Would Canada stand Idly by and see that market lost to her through some cause which she could have helped to prevent? Her market openings In Great Britain are vastly greater,* and there are the other Dominions and also the colonies and dependents to he added.—The Australasian.
1937: Canada:Canada:~There are 163 persons Ip  today, says "'s Weekly", published in London, who are aged 100 years and over. "They had begun thefr young lives - when young Queen Victoria ascended* the throne, just one eentury ago this Coronation year.
1937: Canada:Canada:~"The population of Canada 100 years ago was about 1,260,000. There were 20p,000 In Nova Scotia, 600,000 In Lower Canada and 397,000 In Upper . There are 3,666,000 persons In  today who were alive at the accession of Edward VII In
1937: OTTAWA. —~ Hon. N. W. Rowell, Chief Justice of Ontario, has been named Chairman of the Royal Commission on Dominion-Provincial Financial Relations. The economic and financial basis of Confederation is to be thoroughly probed by the commission, Other members of which include Hon. Thibaudeau Rlnfret, Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada, J. W. Dafoe, Bditor-in-chief of the Winnipeg Free Press, Professor R. A. Mackay of Halifax, and Professor Henry Forbes Angus, of Vancouver.
1937: Canada::~"There are 4,365,000 persons living In  today who were alive when George V became King In 1911, 26 years ago, and the population In that year was 7.207,000. It Is now 11,000,-000."—Niagara Falls Review.
1937: OTTAWA. —~ Figures released this week by trie Comptroller of the Treasury show an increase of 36 million in the Dominion of Canada government revenue during the present fiscal year.
1937: Canada::~There has been much discussion in  of the merits or demerits of the probation system for both Juvenile and adult offenders against the law. The success of the system depends largely upon the thoroughness tnd tact with which It is administered. An excellent illustration Is found In
1937: was bitilt from Bytown (Ottawa) deputation»~ to Quebec to urge and to Brockville. connecting there mebt on a railway. We have a with the Grand Trunk, and then record of a lartfe delegation-War the old Canada Central connected ‘I**11 ?".d May"'- of all interested Ottawa with Cnrleton Place and municipal nie» and business men
1937: Canada::~Guelph Mer- |  In The Air
1937: Canada::~representatives to , can see more clearly than most the straws in the wind.—Hamilton Spectator.
1937: Japan:Canada:~air, in the newspapers. Rut the poo pie of Japan are not so fortunate. They their sons, brothers, lovers go off towards China, Into the unknown. News of the war percolates hack tc  through very uncertain chan ncls, as the government is a rigid censor. We hear one story of a lady mis slonory to China who stopped off in the Land of the Rising Sun on her way homo to . The war began while she was there. The only way she could find out what was going on in China was to get in touch with her people here and ask them to send news of the war hack over the Pacific.
1937: Canada::~to a policy of rearmament unless other I Congress of  meeting last week nations cease competing for suprem- | passed a resolution asking that the
1937: ° own 24 city «~tore* across Canada, want agents to become exclusive factory representatives. Men and women, earn big money! Sell Boole h guaranteed Lingerie and fine Hosiery. Get into this profitable business now. Write today for free outfit. Sobie's Silk Shops. Department S.T. Farnham, Que.
1937: United States:Canada:~65,000	employees in the  and  would receive $4,-
1937: Canada::~General Dry Batteries of  L
1937: Canada::~real .
1937: For quick relief from such pain which exhausts you and keeps you awake at. night—ask for "Aspirin”. • “Asnirin’~r tablets are made in Canada. “Aspirin” is the registered trade-mark of the Bayer Company, Limited, of Windsor, Ontario. Look for the name Bayer in the form of a cross on every tablet.
1937: Canada::~A gain of almost a million tourists were was recorded in  during the first and Wm McDowell took the places of half of 1937, the government reports I Thomas and Kdxvard 1 lodging. John in that period, 6.374,339	visitors Strutt was appointed Mayor, O. M.
1937: Canada::~entered  from the Vnitert States, Jmlgson, Secretary, and George Tel c mipared with 5,409,331 tor the same ford, Edward Hod gins and John Mur* >:x months of 11*36. The government ray, Valuators. And we find that Slack bulletin commented that the increasing Caldwell took care t>f the Councillors
1937: United States:Canada:~emphasizing the | ZMU1 their horses this year for $ 46.00. freedom of international travel between the  and .
1937: Canada::~Dominion of  1937 Refunding Loan
1937: Canada::~The Bank of  is authorized by the Minister of Finance to receive subscriptions for
1937: The 1% Bond» will be dated December 1. 1937. The 2%% Bond»~ and the Bond* will be dated November 15, 1937. Principal and interest will be payable in lawful money of Canada. Internet will be payable without charge, semi-annually, at any branch in Canada of any chartered bank.
1937: Canada::~Proceed# of this Loan will be used for refunding, in part, the outstanding total of $122,799300 unconverted Dominion of  5%% Victory Loan Bonds maturing December 1, 1937. The additional cash required for this purpose will be provided from the treasury.
1937: Canada:United States:~Anywhere m  To .
1937: Canada::~venturous . resulting in a great confidence
1937: Canada::~northern regions, and with the richness of the resources in parts of the Canadian North already known, why should we not look to a great future for that part of , long regarded
1937: Canada::~the colony during the period, with 2,700 coming from . The board estimated that the average Canadian tourist spent $100 in Bermuda, the average from the United
1937: Canada::~** all age;; failure; replaced free; trained cattle dogs; trained coon, fox, deer hounds; great danes, pup;; buy from largest trained dog kennels In . Guarantee satisfaction. Rap-Idview Kennels, Morrlsburg, Ontario.
1937: Canada::~I	Built In  for
1937: Canada::~ONE HUNDRED YORKSHIRE PIGS V six weeks old, select bacon type. Rapid growers. 10 pigs $40.00. Boar or Sow $5.00. Ship anywhere . Wilfred Zeron, Morrisburg. Ontario.
1937: Canada::~The >uly buxine district that measures up t standard set by the IIusine hd ii'itors Association of  the highest in the Dominion.
1937: Canada::~Sir Harry and Lady Chauvel came back by the Canadian route. Sir Harry saw nothing of the army and air force in , the staff being mostly away on manoeuvres, which were too far afield for him to visit. He saw a great deal of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, of which his (Jd friend, Major-General Sir James Mae-Brien, is commissioner. They are i. very fine body of men, and their detachment at the Coronation shared the honor with our own men of the best reception of all the Dominion troops in the procession. They have a very attractive uniform, and wore mounted on their own horses, which
1937: Canada::~made a lot of difference. Sir Harry I roll was 106,G17, according to pre-waa Impressed with the evidence of | Uminary figures published in the an-prosperity which met them everywhere In  except in the western prairies. He found Canadians much more concerned at the world situation than we are, and everywhere he went he was asked what the people of Australia thought about it. —
1937: United States:Canada:~been hearing a great deal the past few years about the domination of Canadian industry by American capital. Refutation of that idea is made this week by the Secretary of the Canadian Hank of Commerce, D. H. Ward, who addressed a service club in Leicester, * England Ward: Of every $100 invested in Canadian industry, $70.60 is Canadian, $21.14 American and $7.92 from the United Kingdom. He declares that there arc about 1,400  controlled or affiliated companies in , but only 68 per cent, of them are manufacturing concerns. Of capital Invested in these companies, only 38 per cent, is in manufacturing. The minority interest in these companies, coming to about 22 per cent., is chiefly Canadian, he says. Cheering news, this! We may now begin to hold up our heads.
1937: OTTAWA.—~A trade agreement between Canada and the Central American Republic of El Salvador, granting mutual most-favored-nation tariffs, was announced here this week-
1937: Canada::~| Greenwood, Deputy Leader; the party Whips, and the Executive ComA man who farmed for more than | mittee. a quarter of a century in  last week saw an apple growing on a tree for the first time.
1937: Canada::~Although the apple is 's largest fruit crop. Clarence Stork,
1937: Canada::~Along 's Mining Highway
1937: Canada::~The focus of mining interest in Eastern , is the rapidly unfolding diamond drilling picture on the Barber Larder properly, situated to the West of Kerr Addison and to the East of Omega, in and Larder Lake district of Ontario. Barber Larder is conceded in mining circles to give promise of a major mining operation.
1937: Canada::~Ogden's Fine Cut has the taste that appeals to 's roll-your-owners from coast to coast—the fragrant flav-that makes each puff a prideful pleasure. With a package of Ogden • —and * ' Chantecler* ' or "Vogue ' papers —you'll quickly see whythis mild,cool fine cut is the "roll" of the notion. 15c now bu ys a bigger package of Ogden's.
1937: Canada::~AGENTS WANTED IN ALL COMMUNITIES to demonstrate and sell Olyco, the perfect hand cleaner. Glyco overcomes competition, sure repeat axle* summer and winter. Exclusive territory. Glyco Company of , fit. Nicholas Building, Montreal.
1937: Canada::~HAY FEVER AND BRONCHITIS. RKVOLU-tlonary discovery of European physician has worked wonders. It quickly removes all traces of respiratory troubles however stubborn they appear to be. Write for free Information. R.M.B. Laboratories of , Ltd., Dept. 1-829, Vancouver Block. Vancouver, B.C.
1937: There’~s a double fashion note in this view of an attractive young person inspecting the handsome interior of one of the 1938 cars on view throughout Canada. Flowers in her hair ornament are in tune with the very latest in styles for 1938. So is the "breathing back" mohair velvet upholstery which forms an appropriate background for the moire evening gown, over which she is wearing a velvet cape with fur collar.
1937: Canada:Canada:~LEARN SHORTHAND Typewriting by mall, throughout . Write for free prosper Dept. C,  Business College
1937: CANADA::~(.-1937^
1938: Canada::~Elmside Women s Institute will meet at the home of Miss Emma Meldrum, ou Wednesday afternoon, Jan y 12th. at two o clock. Programme- Paper on Canadian Industries. Roll call-imports and oiports of .
1938: •~ Is it any wonder, when you realise what happens when a new remedy makes its appearance and turns out to be just the Hung that faded, tortured aufferers have been loniyng for? NaturaUy. such good news ia passed on. And now Fynnon Salt is available in Canada. bynnon Salt booms into popularity. Yon hear of it everywhere. You ws U in every drug at ore. Try it for your rheumatic symptoms, for your rtf-tica or lumbar.0, lor the heavy dull sensation that prevents you looking and feeling your best. There's so need to go on sv'Tiring now that Fynnon Salt has coure to relieve you. Only 75c a large package. Are druE'dst for Fynnon Sait. If y^u ,u,v®
1938: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  .. $1.50 To 
1938: The Spanish peso or eight reals of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth centuries circulated throughout the American continent and was known as the “piece of eight.” This name, relates a writer in the Detroit News, is found in English literature as early as Shakespeare’s time. The coin was worth approximately as much as our dollar. Because of its design, it is sometimes known as the “pillar dollar,” and it has been supposed by some that these ‘ pillars of Hercules” with the ribbon about them gave rise to the dollar sign. Webster’s dictionary, however, shows that this was originally a modification of “Ps,” Mexican abbreviation of “pesos” or ‘piastres.” The “s ' was at first placed above and to the right of the ‘ P”~ but later was lowered and twined around that letter. Early manuscripts have shown the sign to be the result of evolution, independently in different places. It was written after the numeral in Spanish America, but before the numeral, like the pound sign, by the English edlonists, and was widely used before the adoption of the United States dollar in 1785. It is employed also for the dollar in Canada, West Indies, Hong Kong and Straits Set-dements; for the peso in Argentine, Chile. Mexico, Colombia, Paraguay, Uruguay; for the murets in Brazil; for the escudo in Portugal; for the lempira in Honduras.
1938: Canada:Canada:~throughout . ' Write for free prosper Dept. C,  Business College
1938: Canada::~work in  and the Mutual Broadcasting System in the United the boys for an appearance on one of the Promenade Symphony Concerta. To give you an idea of what the boys do in their spare time, Murray has become an exceptionally fine organist, and Lou has been spending his time blowing away at a sax.
1938: Canada::~At historic Vercheres, in Quebec, an Identical construction Is under way. These are the most powerful transmitters in , and each will also serve not only the province In which it is located but neighboring provinces and states as well.
1938: Canada:Canada:~Philip G. Johnson, vice-president la charge of operations for Trans Airlines, last week said the western circuit of the Trans- rente might be started earlier than •riginally expected. He refused, however, to name any starting date.
1938: Canada::~(Hon. C. D. Howe, minister of transport recently stated the wr : m eir route of Trans- Airlines Id start operations by February
1938: Canada::~Education Week ln  February 7th to 13tb, 1838
1938: Canada::~The Department of Mines find Resources has issued a third edition of the new map of .
1938: Canada::~The fallowing members of the merly Bertha Stemkie and came j 27i h, of Mr< Jo-eph Bennett, resi-Mi karri of Directors were placed to  at an early age settling 1 dent of that district for do years, the honorary lut for 1938. H. G at Ladysmith. Que Dining her , She wa- in herfUrh vear Young and W. H. Corrigan both residence in Woodruff, she wor Formerly Euiiii»i V!rR»u-hern, ‘-he ex-ijresirients. Wm Graham and shipped at St. John's Lutheran was a native of the Cumberland Cara we 11 who have each given Church Her hu-bnud, who district. Sh* wa- a member ot the manv years of service at the ..prraV*d a general store business United church-	,
1938: Canada::~The Drama Festival each year is a big step toward the development of national theatre in , but there is a long road ahead yet.
1938: Canada::~AT THE FAIR:  has reserved .10,000 square feet of space for the 10ÎÎ0 World's Lair, to be he! I in New York'.
1938: Canada::~For after all it's our own fault that people of the Failed States and other countries continue to think of  as Our Lady of the Snows, a land given over to Kski.nos, shoes, hears, wolves and half-savage customs.
1938: Canada::~In the past, stock prices liav fleeted pretty accurately business conditions. Today they do not. In these changing days it is foolish to make any predictions as to the future, but the outlook, for  at least, la so bright that our own advice is to forget the stock market.—London Free
1938: Canada::~A NATIONAL THEATRE: Establishment of a National Theatre in  was urged recently by Malcolm Mor-ley, English actor, playwright, producer and critic who arrived in this country to adjudicate the Dominion Drama Festival, finals of which will be held in Winnipeg. “It would be a
1938: Canada::~Among fourteen cities of  willi populaiion over	four had
1938: Canada::~no deaths from diphtheria in 1936, foiv only one death, one had two. two had three and one had four. The remaining two had IS and 25 deaths, or together nearly three limes as many as Hie other twelve combined. Again among the smaller cities three have had no deaths from the disease iu ten year*, two each have had none In nine, eight nnd seven years, three none in six years and two none in live. There are many other smaller cities and towns with no fatalities for lesser periods. If tho toxoid campaign be steadily continued and if it were extended generally to villages and rural areas, diphtheria would soon become unknown in .—Kingston Whig-Standard.
1938: Canada::~Ribber tires were really only a novelty live years ago, but last year one quarter of the 10,261 tractors sold in  had L" tires. The department Calculate* an \ rage saving of 15 per sent. of fuel t \ s results.
1938: Canada:Canada:~LEARN SHORTHAND. ACCOUNTANCY, Typewriting by mail. Satisfied students throughout . Write for free prospectus. Dept. C.,  Business College, Hamilton, Ont.
1938: Canada::~POULTRY EQUIPMENT, HIGH QUALity at low cost. Made in  for Canadians Write for our new catalogue. Model Incubator» Ltd., 196 River St., Toronto.
1938: Canada:Canada:~With the general statement that  should admit freely articles not produced within the country there can be little basis for disagreement. But I would go further and say that reduced tariffs should he applied to articles which are made in  only on a restricted and uneconomic scale.
1938: Canada::~The expansion of foreign markets for Canadian wheat by reciprocal trade agreements and a truly national approach to the drought problem were urged by Morris W. Wilson, President and Managing Director, at the Sixty-ninth Annual Meeting of The Royal Bank of .
1938: Canada::~Conditions in  definitely im-
1938: It Is h gad comment ary that »~ large crop in Canada, unless seront pan ted by crop failures In olbt v ountiie*. vntilil bring little* more t • ration to oi r farmers a* a whole
1938: Canada:United States:~Any where in  .. SI To 
1938: • “Aspirin’~* tablets are made in Canada. “Aspirin” is the registered trade-mark of the Bayer Company, limited, of Windsor. Ontario, ixmk for the name Bayer in the form of a cross on every tablet.
1938: Canada::~One of  s Oldest ;
1938: Canada::~the oldest soldier* in  Lav-	Nothing lOSS than 6 inches at top end.
1938: Canada::~.feun-iSSaTuSr-rJSaSlg	of , Limited
1938: Canada::~Rifles of , under different names by which the unit ha# been known during the past sixty-eight yea i s.
1938: district that measures standard set !»~y the Business Educators Association of Canada the highest in the Dominion.
1938: Canada:England:~ claims to have produced, after years of research and experiment, what is from the point of view of the consumer in  the perfect Imported egg. Tho first consignment of these eggs has Just arrived in London —750 dozen—and they will be distributed to experts in various parts of the country, frqpi whom opinions will be gathered. The housing and feeding of the poultry have been minutely watched, the eggs have been graded and tested, they have been sent over in special chambers kept at a fixed temperature and watched by vigilant C.P.R. officials, and they are being handled on this side with all the care usually bestowed on the most precious cargoes. — Irish Independent.
1938: Canada::~A prominent headmaster In South Africa 16 strongly advocating a six-day school week. He says that the gap from Friday afternoon to Monday morning is too long, hut he needn't expect any applause from the ranks of Juvenile .—Brantford Expositor.
1938: OTTAWA.—~Important negotiations which concern the modification of the trade agreement between Canada and the United Kingdom are in progress now. They are antecedent to the negotiations for a revised treaty between Canada and the United States because the negotiations for an Anglo-American pact are ahead of what Ottawa and Washington are figuring on between themselves.
1938: Canada:United States:~ sold more goods to the  than any other country during the year 1937, the U. S. Commerce Department announced last week at Washington.
1938: United States:Canada:~Canada negotiating a new trade agreement, increased its buying in the U.S. 33 per cent to $510,000,000. Japan which bought cotton and other goods there in large quantities until a few months ago, bought $288,000,000, that was $84,000,000 more than the United States bought from Japan Britain and Canada also bought a great deal more from the  than they sold. 's sales In that country totalled $399,000,000 in 1937, an Increase of six per cent over 1936.
1938: Canada::~Along 's Mining Highway
1938: Canada::~Anywhere in  To Unltod Statut.
1938: The "Aspirin" met hod of relieving colds is tlie way many doctors approve. You take “Aspirin'' for relief —~then if you are not improved prompt l>, you call t be family doctor. # " Aspirin tablets arc made in Canada. “Aspirin" is the registered trade-mark of the Bayer Company, Limited, of W indsor, Ontario. Ix*>k for the name Baxer in the form of a cross on every tablet.
1938: United States:Canada:~For the world as a whole, milk is probably the main source of farming income. In the United Kingdom, states the Imperial Economic Committee, its value exceeds that of any other farm commodity; in the , and even in  in certain
1938: Canada::~of , limited
1938: Canada::~Ly the Ii<ts i oo ciafion of  h*i highest in the Dominion.
1938: Canada::~It will be reassuring to the people of Ontario to know that Attorney-General Consul has given Ills assurance that he will go carefully into any appeals for remission of jail sentences, and that only in exceptional cases will appeals be granted. This assurance was given in reply to a request of the Police Association of Ontario and the Chief Constables' Association of . The police know better than anybody else the great dangers that lurk in the too free granting of appeals for parole. With their records to guide them, they are unable to escape the conclusion that some paroled prisoners persist In living the life of a criminal.—Stratford Beacon Herald.
1938: Canada::~If, however, the Province of Ontario and the Dominion of  should be willing to develop the St. Lawrence waterway for power, the Washington Government would agree to the diversion of the Keno^ami River waters via Long Lac into the Great Lakes system.
1938: Canada:United States:~The first comprehensive work ever published with all major species of birds of  and the  shown in full color has been issued by the National Geographic Society, Washington, DC. As well ns vivid portraits of 960 birds, this handsome work In two volumes contains biographies setting forth the characteristics of each species of bird. Its range, breeding habits and other features of behaviour. Clever migration maps, too, disclose new developments in the study of bird migration through birdbanding.
1938: OTTAWA—~No longer will seden^ tists, archaeologists and explorers be able to excavate Eskimo ruins In Canada's Northwest Territories and carry off what they find.
1938: Canada:Canada:~New regulations, now effective, require all archaeological specimens to be submitted to the Dominion Government. Anything required by the National Museum of  will be retained and the remainder will be returned to the finder only on the condition that they be permanently deposited in some public institution, in  or elsewhere, where they will be available for study.
1938: Canada::~Nephellne syenite, another of the new discoveries. Is a form of feldspar, which is cheaper than the feldspar now being up*m! in china and glass making, he said. It Is being mined in the Peterborough district and now Is being exported. It was the discovery of new methods of processing the rock, to get rid of its Iron content, that opened up this new field In , he pointed out.
1938: Canada::~FOR SEVEN YEARS WE HAVE USED more It.OP. Pedigreed Males in our mating* than any other breeder or hatchery In  and 1938 Is no exception, fiend for Tweddle Chlcu-logue and read all about Tweddle Extra Profit and Special Mating Rig
1938: •‘~Great things have been done In these fields In Canada today and there are great things yet to be done," say# John McLelsh.
1938: Canada::~He used sulphur as an Illustration.  for years, he pointed out, Imported sulphur for paper manufacturing from Texas and Louisiana. And at the same time sulphur belching from the smokestacks of smelters blighted the countryside of mining towns In Northern Ontario and British Columbia.
1938: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To .
1938: Canada::~The father died at 86. and the mother. the former Catherine Delarande. was 106 years of age. She was a descendant of Janies Hudson, famous In the early history of .
1938: this woman had heard about tho Lord I process. The deaf-mute may well nipeg. But this is not all, writes D. Jesus we do not know, but she had I have received a spark of faith before M. Le Hour dais In the Canadian Magair heard of him in such a way that she I the almighty word was spoken, but *1°®: the shortest distances between was led to believe that he had power I it was not his faith that enabled Canada—~or the United States, for to deliver her possessed daughter I Jesus to heal him. It was solely the *bat matter and any part of Europe from the terrible mastery of the evil I power and will of Jesus. The Old or As'a are northward, being who indwelt her.	I Testament prophets announced that
1938: Canada::~The woman would never have come I the Messiah, when he came, would to Jesus had she believed that there be able to open the eyes of the blind ! It means that we are nearer was any other hope at all for her I and unstop the ears of the deaf flea. t0 ^e coming world centre than the daughter’~s being restored to normal 36:5; 42:18).	People of the United States. Looking
1938: h.\8B,dflllun.t0.her-1Let the 8tood hl? motive,, and set it down and southern Asia occupy a zone <nildren first be filled; for it is not to a modest shrinking from the place farlher rem0ved from the centre. Thus meet to take the children’~s bread and popularity, which, in their eyes, t0 fly from the United States to Eur-and cast it to the dogs. Jesus sought was so well determined; and this con- 0pe or Asia by the shortest route, one to deepen within the woman that ception gave them an additional im- must cross Canada and the Arctic or humility which is the condition of I pulse to do what their natural in- sub-Arctic regions, exaltation, and to render yet warm- I clinations prompted.	Most of the obstacles to successful
1938: ess, had her faith been less strong, all things well; he maketh even the Eventually these obstacles will be her humility less deep, her love less deaf to hear, and the dumb to speak, overcome; and then the Arctic will self-forgetful, he would have dealt Jesus’ miracles of healing prophesy have the inestimable advantage of more tenderly with her, so as not to us of a future world, in which shorter distances. The airplane is to ‘‘break the bruised reed”~; but, I .there will be no deaf and blind, and, about to change the shape of the these qualities being already well de- in fact, no more sickness and no world. And Canada la toward the hub! yeloped, he braced her character with more pain, not a world of disembod- From Vancouver to Liverpool, the cold yet wholesome wind of seem- ied spirits who need no eyes and across Canada north of Hudson Bay, ing discouragement.	ears, but a world of men, who are and thence by way of Baffin Island
1938: coast to coast exciting and thrilling—~yet without the sour taste of murders and cop* killing bandits. The producers of the Jimmie Allen serial have been saluted by parent-teacher organizations throughout Canada and child psychologists have added their support to this program. Jimmie Allen Is heard Monday through Friday over CBL, Toronto and CKLW, Windsor, at 6:45 p.m., and over F BO, Ottawa at 6:00 p.m.
1938: Canada:United States:~Is to fly between Edmonton and Ak-lsvlk, or between London and Paris, rldlroned With Air Routes Then will 's back door become Its front door. Then may Canadians, who for so long have gazed enviously southward toward the supposedly green fields of the , turn their eyes northward and for the first time survey with satisfaction the broad expanse of their own
1938: Russia:Canada:~mainland to the Siberian coast; and not more than 1,200 miles from the tip the northernmost n Island, or of 's northernmost Island to about as far as from Toronto to Win-
1938: Canada:Russia:~ and  are neighbors across the Arctic Ocean. It Is less
1938: Canada::~In spite of the decision of the Applicate Court the vast majority in Renfrew county favor the appeal to the Supreme Court of . There have been so many glaring cases of the ends of justice not being met in cases of this kind in recent years in Renfrew county that these would make it hard for an innocent man, and if Comba, innocent as he claims to be, feels that he has been tried enough, he can put it down to the fact that too many have escaped in Renfrew county and the public are determined that it must end
1938: VANCOUVER.—~Hon. Ian Macken-ile, Minister of National Defense, said in an address here this week that Canada could not expect to see ‘'very definite results" from her program of augmented national defense for at least two years.
1938: Both imports and exports fell in the same month In 14 countries, including V »~ United States, Great Britain, Germany, Canada and Argentina.
1938: Canada:United States:~Industrial production also continued falling in the United States and . In the , the bulletin says, it is only two-thirds of the level of a year ago while production and investment goods have fallen GO per cent, since last August.
1938: LONDON. — “~If English-speaking Canada is serious in the desire to preserve its racial preponderance Its inhabitants will have to regard the duties of parenthood more seriously."
1938: Canada::~Thus wrote Sir Evelyn Wrench in an article given great prominence In The Times upon his return from a visit to . The noted publicist and Imperialist declared, "there is every reason to expect that the majority of the Canadian people will be French-speaking within 30 or 40 years."
1938: Canada:Canada:~He had gone to , he said, to settle in his own mind the conflicting reports of disunity and unrest in that Dominion. And the founder and vice-president of the Overseas League, who enjoys a good hearing in this country where his interest in Dominion and Colonial affairs is widely respected, came hack to write and speak not of 's disunity but of her need for renewed immigration on a planned scale.
1938: Canada:France:~Sir Evelyn made it clear he was not alarmed by this increasing proportion of the French-speaking population. And he was glad to note that the French Motherland, "albeit after a long period of neglect, is taking more interest in her offspring." Eminent French writers and publicists were visiting  and distinguished French - Canadians were visiting . The old and the new were being drawn more closely together, intellectually and in sentiment. But Sir Evelyn declared there seemed to be no desire for a political rapproache-ment with the French Republic.
1938: Attached to Crown ‘~French-Canada is self-absorbed. The turmoils of Europe seem very remote. There is, however, a very real attachment to the British Crown, which for nearly 200 years bas safeguarded the religious institutions of French-Canada."
1938: Canada::~There was real need, however, for a freer intellectual exchange between French- and Great Britain. Lord Tweedsmuir had clone good work by associating himself with French-Canadian life. But it should be c arried on by others as well, and there should be a greater exchange of visits between representative figures of both countries.
1938: When the question of naming the settlement was debated, someone pointed out that those there were settlers just as much as the people who had migrated to the Dominion. ‘Canada " was the name chosen.—Mv î~cfpal Review of Canada.
1938: Canada:United States:~ and the  should enter into a treaty for mutual defense — an agreement that one nation would go to the aid of the other In case of emergency — is urged editorially by a prominent American newspaper, the New York News. “We know that we’re already friends,” the article declares; “what is needed is that our friendship should take on a more realistic form.”
1938: Canada::~the Budget, -U. S
1938: Canada::~in Western . It is not too late I tain to culminate In national suicide, to make a start.—Regina Leader-Post. | 'hat view has been expressed on many
1938: United States:Canada:~Coming down to the particular, It advocates that the  agree to use some of its fighting ships for Canadian defense by sea, while  should see to it that the St. Lawrence is adequately equipped with naval bases.
1938: Canada::~Such an agreement would prove invaluable to us in , should the British navy be engaged in defending Great Britain or Britain’s Mediterranean or South African sea routes, and not be able to come to our aid in case of attack.
1938: of the present occupant of Bucking- | tragedies of the non production period ham Palace. “~England does not ask for a scholarly king or a witty king, or one who lives in glamour," the narrative affirms. "We are a domestical- | Canada In England ed people, and when we pass Buckingham Palace we are happy, and we feel safe when we know that within there
1938: usa:Canada:~The village got its name in a strange way. More than 50 years ago when thonds were migrating to , there was a minor hack to th e-land movement in Hampshire. About 80 families settled In this area Huts were built by the pioneers and the land broken for cultivation.
1938: CANADA::~RADIO COLLEGE OF  $63 Pay Street — Toronto. Ont. "The Premier Canadian Institution of
1938: KLIK HAIR REMOVER. PATENTS Pending. Kllk Is a tried and true remedy. Safe to use and sure in action. Kllk contains no harmful Ingredients. leaves a clean, soft skin; is guaranteed to do the work or your money bark. Kllk, $1 per package, postpaid—~$1, anywhere In Canada A. Adams, Fort Iwingley, R.C. References Royal Bank.
1938: Canada:Canada:~In the case of tenderers quoting for one or more places or buildings and when the total of their otter exceeds the stun of $5,000.00, they must attach to their tender a certified cheque on a chartered bank in Canada, made payable to the order of the Honourable the Minister of Public Work-*, equal to 10 per cent of the amount ot the tender, or Rearer Ronds of the Dominion of  or of the Canadian National Railway Company and its constituent companies, unconditionally guaranteed to principal and interests by the-Dominion of  or the aforementioned bonds and a certified cheque if required to make up an odd amount.
1938: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To .
1938: Canada::~26. And having cried out, and torn I The lecture was given by G. R. him much, he came out: and the boy Russell, who emphasized that there became as one dead; insomuch that I was a market for this product in the more part said, He is dead. | , as the country now imported What is often feared most in a major 1,355,632 pounds of soya beans, and operation is what Is called ‘ shock." there was no reason why they should When a power that has dominated a not be more largely grown. The life is removed, it is natural that growing of the bean restored large there should be a convulsive experi- quantities of nitrogen to the soil and encc in the readjustment of that life jt was the intention of the Dominion to new conditions and to the loss of | Government to establish soya bean
1938: Canada::~Guy Chenault went 1 mile in 2 00 at Toionto Grand Cirent. He is a grandson of the two greatest sires the world has ever known and is reckoned to be the best Bred Horse in .
1938: measure* up to t t by the lï~usine Educator* Association of Canada the highest in the Dominion.
1938: appears lie re, was a profound student of the medicinal qualities of Nature's remedies — roots and herbs. For nearly 70 years Dr. Pierce’~s Golden Medical Discovery has been sold in the drug stores of the United States and Canada. If you wish to have vim, vigor and vitality, try this “Discovery.” It eliminates poisons from the intestines, aids digestion, acts as a tonic. Buy now * New size, tablets 50c., liquid $1.00 and $1.35.
1938: Canada::~It is known in  that every year 1 >sses due to farm tires amount to an
1938: United States:England:~At another water supply yet a further cousin of the freshwater shrimp was discovered, Kucrangonyx gracilis, which hitherto had been found only in Canada and the . How these various specimens came to ho in the sand of the Alter beds in  is a matter of mystery, and their elimination not easy once they have established themselves below the sand and, in the culverts. These shrimp like creatures are harmless, but an unnecessary nulsai co.
1938: Canada::~The first volume of 's official war history has at last appeared. When the final volume reaches the public, most of the survivors of the war will probably be in their graves.— Brockville Recorder and Times.
1938: Canada:United States:~The bicycle of course, has always been used a great deal more in the European countries than in  or . There are special bicycle paths. But bicycles were used mostly for work until their touristic possibilities were perceived.
1938: Canada::~region of  was a veritable godsend since this rarest of minerals was previously found In only one part of the world, the Belgian Congo mines In Africa. Up to a few years ago radium cost $70,000 a gram before the Belgian monopoly was broken by Canadian competition. Thus radium was made more available to combat the dread
1938: Canada:Canada:~MEDALS OF MERIT: This week at Toronto the Royal Society of  is presenting medals of merit to three distinguished Canadians. The awards this year go to Colonel William Wood, of Quebec City, author of many historical volumes, for outstanding work in connection with the history of ; Mazo de la Roche, Toronto-born author of the "Jalna" novels, “for accomplishing in imaginative or critical literature achievement of significance or conspicuous merit"; Dr. W Miller, Professor of Physical Chemistry at the University of Toronto, for his pioneer work in several new fields of scientific interest.
1938: Canada:Canada:~The former Australian Trade Minister, Sir Henry Gullett, is criticising 's "grave injustice to Australian manufacturers and British exporters." Under the present Australien- tariff agreement, he says, .movement of goods between the two Dominions "is amazingly onesided" and the Australian market and the Australian secondary industries are being thrown open to preferential competition from Canadian manufacturers as well as from the United Kingdom.
1938: Canada:japan:~WHY THE DELAY: Trans- Airlines are having difficulty getting started on its first year, a complete air service across the country. They are encountering trouble particularly in establishing .the Win-nipeg-Montreal run. Reason for the delay: Planes which the company hoped soon to secure from the manufacturera are reportedly being sold The Australian Trade Minister re- tQ the e3e Government who are
1938: Canada:Canada:~signed last year because preferential offering a higher price for the ma* treatment extended to  under1 the Australian -  agreement
1938: Canada:United States:~protect and conserve day the system has spread not only in  and the , but also to several European conn-
1938: CANADA::~INSIST ON HAMCO 'S FINEST COKE
1938: standard -«•~ t hy t he Business Educators Association of Canada tlic highest in the Domini
1938: Canada::~A. Dixon field secretary of the I union at Green Lake Miss Lois Rivers Que missionary society in , Hodgins returned home with them, spoke on Wednesday to a large gathering of Women's Auxiliary delegates from Ottawa and this district. Friday was youth day at the conference and several busloads of young people arrived from Ottawa to take p art in the lectures and discussions on young people’s work.
1938: Canada::~Kfforts to have the structure preserved by the Historic Sitae and Monuments Board of  have been made to Judge F. W. Howay of New Westminster, the board's western member, by service clubs of Edmonton and Wetaskiwin, Alta.
1938: Canada::~Tuffy Goff who plays Abner of 4,Lum and Abner" is going to spend his vacation in  fishing for trout and salmon.
1938: Canada::~Latest engineering development of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation Is a new mobile broadcasting unit, an acquisition of the Corporation's Special Events Department under R. T. Bowman, director. The unit, which was demonstrated last week to eastern Ontario newspapermen and w hich is now enroule to Banff to do a series of National Parks broadcasts, will be used for the presentation of a wide variety of special programmes. It is believed that it will assist mater! illy in the development of important international exchanges and will be lnavluable as a means of advertising  abroad.
1938: CANADA::~MADE IN  - OF CANADIAN WHEAT
1938: A complete classification for Belgian j A. H. Dean’s tender be accepted and b uses, now becoming more popular in that E. M. Findlay be appointed super-the Ottawa area, more classes for light . visor over this work and that the Mayor breeding horses and farm draft animal* and Sec-Trefta. be appointed to sign ti e together with a better classification contract for same before H. C. Rowat, throughout the live stock section of the 0f Shawville, Que.—~Carried, show feature the attractive prize list of Motion by Henderson and Fitzsim-the Central Canada Exhibition. The mon», that John McKenny’s application dates this year are August 22 to 27 with as constable for Norway Bay be accepted pure bred entries closing July 30th	and	at a salary of $55 00 |ier month, duties
1938: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To .
1938: Canada::~The great field for endeavor open to Canadian authors In the "drama of manners, a drama to Interpret  to Canadians atone Murray, general manager, of the Canadian nroadeasting Copora-tin», told delegates attending the 17th annual convention of the Canadian Authors' Association, In the city of Montreal, last week.
1938: Canada::~Sweet peas, tulips, daffodils and hyacinths bloom in Happy Woodland. 's only pvt cemetery where $50 caskets and plain grave* mark the burial places of favorite animals.
1938: Canada:Canada:~'s vast network of highways, comprising more than 400,000 miles, Is among the outstanding developments of the present century. In addition to providing arteries of travel for more than a million motor cars of Canadian registration, these highways also carry a great cavalcade of more than four million tourist automobiles a year from other lands. The surfaced highway mileage in  exceeds 99,350 miles, while unsurfao-ed roads totalled more than 311,000 miles.
1938: Canada:Canada:~Road building In  received additional stimulation with the advent of the automobile, which revolutionized the mode of travel of the nation. This gave birth to the motor tourist industry, which has been an incentive to governing bodies to Improve trunk roads and scenic highways within their Jurisdictions. Today 's highway systems link modern cities with regions of almost primeval wilderness, and serve a land blessed by an Indulgent Nature with an unrivalled wealth of travel attractions.
1938: Canada::~Among 's greatest attractions for travellers by highway or other means are the National Parks, comprising twenty separate units with a total area of about 12,525 square miles. Within the National Parks are almost 600 miles of all-weather motor highways and more than 200 miles of secondary scenic and historic associations.
1938: Canada:Canada:~But, while nature invited this project and it is obviously right thkt it should ultimately be carried out, the new treaty will have anything anything but an easy path in either country. In the United States there will be continued opposition from the States interested in developing a water route from Lake Michigan to the Gulf of Mexico, from the interests that seek to protect the traffic between Buffalo and New York by the Erie Carnal, and from the power corporations and others. In , opposition has been expressed to the project in the Maritimes, in Quebec and in British Columbia; and Premier Hepburn, of Ontario, has been, snd still is, opposed. There are many friends of the project in Ontario, however and that Province and the Prairie Provinces which would chiefly benefit, have a little over half the population of .
1938: A great stir was created in the Ontario press by Dr. Little’~s statements chiefly by virtue of the controversial Issues raised. Aside from the liquor question, whether one la an advocate of temperance or not, one deplores the unfortunate reference to a man of French extraction which is likely t ' a: ;use feelings of ant ago ai' i In this day when Canada n^cds all the “hands" toward# national solidary y she c n muater.
1938: Canada::~Addressing a Temperance Rally in Trinity United Church, Toronto, last week, Rev. Dr. George A. Little, a well-known official of the United Church of  whose picture appears at the head of this column, inaugurated a Provincewide campaign against the beverage rooms of Ontario.
1938: Canada::~A woman's convention has placed itself on record as favoring the appointment of more women to the Senate of . With all due respect for the ladies, we think this is a lazy woman’s plea. Women, if they want to get into public life, should be willing to go into the arena and toil for their
1938: Canada::~Miss  Knitting Wool—A beauti- |
1938: Canada::~Miss  Andalusian—Pine four ply
1938: Contest. First prize dollars ; second prize Theme—‘~Ca in p Fra nkli n Camp with lilt a Is." Full Information regarding Canada's unique Hint pioneer tee real Iona I vamp for young men and young women, from Camp Franklin's Toronto offlt e. 83 \ t i ge Sti c et
1938: of their visit to the world’s gic.it-e.st annual exhibition. This year’~s pageant promises to he even greater and more impressive than ever before, comprising within its scope and pageantry, glamour and romance of the development of the great Dominion of Canada during the past sixty years.
1938: Canada::~For  Important
1938: Canada::~Sulphur Enters Into the Manufacture of an Amazing Variety of Products, Including Rayon, Candy and Newsprint. Millions of Pounds Imported Yearly from Texas; But Remarkable New Chlorine Process, Just Perfected, Means That  Will Have Profitable Sulphur Industry of Her Own.
1938: Canada::~This process is considered by experts to be the greatest metallurgical achievement for  since Consolidated Smelters Invented the new process for separating zinc-silver-lead ores.
1938: Canada::~On the face of things,  seems certain of her own sulphur industry in the near future, an Industry singularly favored in that It is assured of a 24 hour a day demand for its product, before the first sulphur plant has ever been built.
1938: MONTREAL. —~ Bound for the lonely outposts of Canada's far north, two expeditions headed out of Montreal last week carrying missionaries, policemen, traders, scientists, supplies for the Isolated people around the Arctic’s rim.
1938: Canada::~in  45,000 square miles is an area somewhat larger than the state of Ohio.
1938: Canada:United States:~Anywhere m  To .
1938: "Research Is constantly unfolding new uses for wood and new methods of curtailing waste,”~ Mr. McElhanney said. "Sawdust Is now being used for domestic fuel on the Pacific coast. In Europe many automobiles, trucks and buses are operated on producer gas from charcoal. Ethyl alcohol from wood Is being mixed with gasoline for motor fuel. Since 35 to 60 per cent, of the forest stand In Canada now is wasted In logging or milling, the possibilities of corresponding developments in Canada offer attractive fields for the research engineer."
1938: The public is so used by now to the dire warnings about “millions and billions”~ in Canada, for example, that they lose significance —the national debt is almost an abstraction to the majority Nor have some of the revelations n ade of outrageous extravagance caused more than a temporary political stir. Governments naturally like to maintain this condition. They like to use the “millions and billions” in loose talk about what they are going to do to balance
1938: Canada:United States:~whose capital in more prosperous days flows readily into Canada Geographically, Canada looks southwards. Statesmanship for hei consists in a wise adjustment between the pull of geography from the United States and the pull of sentiment from the Mother Country. So long as  is strong, there can be no fundamental cleavage between Great Britain and the .—Yorkshire Post.
1938: Canada::~came to  45 years ago, tak I Mrs. Fred W. Thomas and family mg up residence in the Eastern desire to express their sincere thanks to Townships of Quebec, where he neighbours and friends f#r many acts of engaged in farming and gardening, kindness, and expressions of sympathy
1938: Canada::~Should  be worried, perhaps. to see the largest gathering of Canadian forces since the Great War mobilized for war games at Camp Borden this August?
1938: Canada:usa:~President Franklin D. Roosevelt, of the United States, and Premier W. L. Mackenzie King, of , meet at Kingston, Ont., on August 17, when the new Thond Island international bridge system was officially opened. The president stayed in Kingston over night, and on the following day received an honorary degree of Doctor of l aws from Queen’s University. Above photo shows the designers' conception of the new suspension span crossing the American channel from Collins Landing to Wellesley Island, one of the five separate spans and eight-and-a-half miles of approaches and connecting roadways comprising the Thousand Island international bridge system from Collins Landing and Ivy Lea, Ont. President Roosevelt is shown at right and Mr. King in the panel.
1938: Canada::~It is for people In other parts of  to recognize the nature of this western economy. The pouring of the golden grain Into the elevators by the hundreds of millions of bushels in good years does not mean affluence for the western farmers. The returns are divided among a vast army of them, and lean years must be reckoned on, too. The average farmer, year In, year out, cannot hope to live sump tuously; he does well If he can sup ply his real needs. A great number live very frugally. The western farmers actually need all the consideration that has been sought for them. They are under serious handicaps with regard to transportation costs—both ways, on the things they buy They are seriously affected by the various enemies of the crop. They should not be handicapped, also, for the benefit of other people. Whatever can be done to lower their production costs and their living cost should be done, for it is needed to ensure them aud their families that degree of welfare to which they are entitled.^Winnipeg Free Press.
1938: Canada:Canada:~What is the primary purpose of the Exhibition? According to Mr. Brigden, it serves to teach the people of  just what the country is doing; what  has, to promote profit along all lines; what it is actually producing .both agriculturally and industrially.
1938: Canada::~A teletype system linking police departments to cities across  would be of inestimable aid in combatting crime, Charles Barnes, assistant director of the Montreal Police Department, told the annual convention of the Province of Quebec Police and Fire Chiefs' Association at Sherbrooke, Que., last week.
1938: Canada::~Unemployment-in  continued the car, and in a boat or canoe, because t , show reductions during duly coni par- ( ,,f the danger of the trigger accidentally vd with July a year ago, \. V. Vhvlan, touching something and the gun going director of unemployed registration, 0tf.
1938: Canada::~Directors of the Kaastern  Social Vi edit Association representing Ontario, Quebec, Prince Edward Island, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia will draw up a manifesto at a meeting in
1938: Canada::~oi the 	\ ear Book,	published	by	other notes of the scale slightly.	Fur Coats ;	3	piece Bed Room	Suite ;,	t0ry as	published and distributed	by	the
1938: Canada::~The 1938  Year Book extends pared with its speed through air, asserts an authority in the Chicago to almost 1,200 pages, dealing with all sound travels 10 times as fast in Tribune. This undesirable action phases of the national life and more pine, 11 times as fast in copper, 15 ^ oxygen is not exactly the same especially with all those susceptible of times as fast in steel and aluminum as lnat which takes place in the
1938: Canada::~nummary of the progress of  is	__________	oxidation, similar to burning, in
1938: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  .. $1.50 To 
1938: 60 Years An Agricultural Fair, the C.N.E. Continues to Progress, To Increase in Scope—~1938 Show Empha-Growing Importance of Dominion of Canada In
1938: England::~Lovers of music have many a rare treat in store this year for the musical presentations are Indeed numerous. Heading the list is the band of the Royal Artillery from , over seventy strong. This band Is unique among the world’s military bands, In so far as It Is also a symphony orchestra of great merit, as every musician can play at least two Instruments. Then there Is the Welsh Imperial Singers who will be heard in concert at the Coliseum and on one gala night being accompanied by the band of the Royal Artillery. The Mendelssohn Choir, Canada’s premier choral organization will be heard in concert from the Band Shell and the Music Day attractions will be actually more numerous than ever before.
1938: Canada::~British Government Interested The growing importance of the Dominion of  in the Industrial and commercial world Is this year emphasized in greater degree than ever.
1938: Canada::~Gordon Devlin is the present holder of the Wrigley plaque, donated for the  1 Mile Championship for Men.
1938: Champion (Australia). Canadian Tandem Canoe 15-Mile Marathon Championship. August 27. Swims —Barker Gold Trophy races for Canadian Amateur Championships: 1 mile for Women, Sept. 5; 2 miles for Men. Sept. 5; Canadian Championships—swimming and diving Aug. 27 to Sept. 5. Athletic Day—~ Canada's oldest and best track meet—Sept. 3. Yacht and Dinghy races, August 27, September 3, 6, 10. Tug-of-War championships, Sept. 3. Weight lifting championships, Sept. 3, 5. Girls’ softball tournament, Sept. 6 to 10. Junior track meet and junior paddling regatta, Aug. 29. Canadian Table Tennis Championships, Sept. 8, 9, 10. International Table Tennis Championships—Canada vs. U.S Sept. 9, 10, east wing of Coliseum. World's championship softball elimination tournament for men, Aug. 26 to Sept. 3. Labour Day track meet, Sept. 5. Model Yacht, Regatta, Waterfront, Aug. 29 and Sept. 3. Bicycle championships, Se*pt. 10. Joe Louis, world's heavyweight boxing champion, and his ‘ Brown Bombers" softball team will be present for two days in exhibition softball games. The Briggs Beau-tywear softball team, world’s champions, will play Aug. 26 and 27. The Toronto Star Dog Derby— Swimming Race for ‘‘mutts" and thoroughbreds, large and small. Regatta Course, Sept. 6, 7, 8.
1938: stage and radio, brought to Toronto for these special engagements to Inaugurate the New Dance Pavilion —~the largest al fresco dance pavilion In Canada. Dancing afternoon and evening, 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. and 9 p.m. to 1 am. Prices: afternoon 50o per person, and evening $1.00 per person.
1938: Children’s Zoo—~Collection of animal, reptile and bird life of great interest, Including a special shipment of fauna from Europe, a collection of Interesting animal representatives from Western Canada.
1938: Canada::~A glorious eant of colour, music and beauty depicting 's history! 1200 performer# oa a brilliantly lighted 1000-foot stage 1 As a finale each evening—the moat breathtaking pyrotechnic display on the Continent, General admission and reserved seats.
1938: A very plea-ant evening w«~s spent at the home of Mr. ami Mrs Garrett NValsh, on August 18th when friends and neighbour: gathered to wish Mr. and Mrs Robt. Thompson, who left recently on a trip to Western Canada, •’bon voyage.
1938: usa::After the close of the Civil war, which cast thonds of Irishmen adrift, notes a writer in the Indianapolis News, Fenian societies— so-named from a Gaelic title—~were formed rapidly in many cities in the United States, and an invasion of Canada, known sk the “Fenian raid
1938: Canada::~al Gallery of  in Ottawa and tho Art Gallery of Toronto, paintings from the Canadian Legation and the Luxembourg Museum in Paris have been borrowed and will be included with selections from Hart House, Toronto, Montreal Art Association. Art Gallery of Hamilton, McCord Museum of Montreal, Provincial Museum of Quebec, Sarnia Public Library and the Art Gallery of Vancouver.
1938: Canada::~Gleaned from galleries across  and private collections, the paintings are representative works of Canadian artists. Included with the exhibit of water-colours and oils are several outstanding pieces of Canadian sculpturing.
1938: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  .. <S1 50 To ....
1938: Canada::~loss  KHpporing. of New York City.
1938: Canada::~x retired pants manufacturer, Mr. Klippcring spends his summer months motoring through  and
1938: DAYLIGHT TIME»~ While we are on the subject of summer ending and such, a few words about daylight saving. Some of Ontario cities and towns have found it a boon, that extra hour of sunlight a gift from the gods. Too bad all the cities and towns of Canada don’t adopt it automatically, In their own interest. Or nil of the Dominion go on Summer Time each year—as Europe has been doing ever since the Great War.
1938: Canada::~Mr. Klippcriug said that in no other city in  do drivers show such a fine disregard for the “Slop” signs as they do in Calgary. He expressed the belief that only out of ten drivers come to a op as the regulations demand and only two out of 10 gives signals when turning out from the , turning corners or heading or out of traffic.
1938: Canada::~What is the burden each person in  carries, as his share of the public debt? Answer: $638 for every man, woman and child in the country.
1938: ATTKNTft)N! A(iIONTH ALL Ü~VKR Canada are making money showing Yul
1938: Canada::~The possibility of the trans- highway being completed by 1941 was foreseen by W. G. Robertson. Toronto, general manager of the Ontario Motor League. In an address before the Essex County Club at Amherst burg last week. Robertson recently returned from a Northern Ontario tour with Hon. T. R McQuesten, Provincial Minister of Highways Mr. R
1938: Canada::~A ROYAL VISIT: It is something to be thrilled about that the King and Queen are coming to  next year. Something that has never happened before in our lifetime.
1938: Canada::~Only one thing about their trip to  that disappoints us — they are not bringing the little princesses with them.
1938: Canada::~If the idea of moving the capital of the Empire to  had been suggested before the Great War, it would have been laughed off as a fanciful flight into dreamland. But more than one leading citizen of Great Britain has been impressed with the suggestion in the I" + few years.
1938: Canada::~that  has a
1938: Canada::~This Month Tranc- Airlines Began a Service Between Montreal, Ottawa, Toronto, Winnipeg
1938: Canada::~QUALIFY FOR OFFICE POSITION by home study. Courses Inexpensive. Easy payments booklet.  Business College, Chatham. Ont.	______
1938: Canada::~mowers binders potato diggers potato sorters etc. Prices lowest in . Have a few demonstrating machines at bargain prices. Will yell farmers direct at agents prices where we have no dealers. Special—^ew 4 ply Rubber Belt 33c a foot. Free catalogues on request. Matthew Moody & Sons I'ompanv, Terrebonne. Que. Established >84
1938: At the British Dairy Farmers’~ Association Dairy Show held in London September 26 to September 29, first award went to Canada Packers Limited, Toronto.
1938: Canada::~It is interesting to note that the winner this year scored 96 out of the possible 100 points, and the first five exhibits all scored 92 points or better. This compares with a high score of 87 points for the winner of the first prize last year, indicating the progress that is being made in  in the improvement of export bacon.
1938: Canada::~every year the contest has run, first prize has been won by  Packers fourteen times.
1938: CANADA::~Tie  STARCH CO, Limited, Ton*
1938: Canada::~In  all the grand free gifts Dick Tracy offers on his radio program —arc obtainable with box tops from delicious Quaker Corn Flakes! Try Quaker Corn Flakes with the better I flavour—you il love them ! Crisper —tastier— I especially irradiated w ith Vitamin "D", they're . better to eat and better for you ! Ask Mother I to order Quaker Corn Flakes today.	1
1938: CANADA::~MADE IN  - OF CANADIAN WHEAT
1938: Canada::~broadcast right across  by a Canadian station. If you haven't listened to these, I recommend you listen in at 9:00 o’clock Sunday nights to any CBC station.
1938: Canada::~Better than the old-fashioned m tard plaster, Musterole has been used by millions for 80 years. Recommended bv many doctors and nurses. Made in , in three strengths: Regular, Children’s (mild), and litre Strong. All druggists, 4(% es eh.
1938: Canada::~by the IUuiut'6 nation of  highest in the Dominion.
1938: Canada::~In  mil the grand free gifts Dick Tracy I DICK TRACY. Box too, Peterborough. Oat. offers on his radio program —are obtainable I I want to loin the Dick Tracy Secret Sendee Petrol ? Please send
1938: Canada::~Used by millions for 30 years. Recommended by many doctors and nurses. Made in , in three strengths: Regular Strength, Children’s (mild), and Extra Strong. Approved by Good Housekeeping Bureau. All druggists, 40# each.
1938: Canada::~Mrs. H. M. Aitken, staff dietitian and radio commentator for the  Starch Co., Ltd will act as Contest Judge.
1938: Canada::~Recommended by many doctors and nurses. Mode in , in three strengths: Regular Strength, Children’s (mild), and Extra Strong. Approved by Good Housekeeping Bureau. All druggists, 4(* each.
1938: Canada::~Mrs. H. M. Aitken, staff dietitian and radio commentator for the  Starch Co.. Ltd will act as Contest Judge.
1938: Microscope Reveals — New Uses for the Mineral Being Discovered —~ Canada Chief Source of Supply
1938: Canada::~Reviewing research In , he says considerable work has already been carried out in the Council's laboratories with a view to finding new uses for the mineral. Although a constituent of many products, asbestos fibre Is used chiefly In conjunction with Portland cement, metal, rubber, graphite, oil, grease and bituminous materials. The five chief types of asbestos products are textiles and textile products, buildings materials, heat and sound Insulating materials and molded products.
1938: Canada:Russia:~ has long been the chief source of world supply of the mineral, the output being obtained almost entirely from the Thetford district In Quebec.  and Rhodesia, South Africa, are the only other important producers.
1938: Canada:Canada:~In the biggest assembly of motorcars ever presented in , under the auspices that outshine even previous years, the National Motor Show of , held in Toronto during the week of November 26th to December 3rd will bring together a quarter million dollars worth of new model cars and a distinguished list of entertainers.
1938: Canada::~GREATEST CANADIAN: In a comprehensive straw-vote conducted by the Toronto Globe and Mall among residents of the Queen City, Sir Frederick Banting, co-discoverer of Insulin, was voted 's greatest living man. Prime Minister King and Sir William Mu lock came second and third respectlve-
1938: Canada::~Consideration is now being given by the Post Office Department at Ottawa to the special issue of stamps to mark the occasion of the visit of the King and Queen to  early next Summer.
1938: Canada::~Ford Motor Company of , Limited, Announces
1938: CANADA::~FORD MOTOR COMPANY OF .
1939: The only business school in thi»~ district tint measures up to the standard set by the Busin Educators Association uf Canada tin? highest in tho Dominion.
1939: Canada:Canada:~One child in every 12 in  lived in the poverty of insecurity of a home dependent upon public aid or charity for the bare essentials of food and shelter. Close to 40,000 more were without the security of normal family life which even the poorest home could give. This was the estimate given last week at Ottawa by the Canadian Welfare Council, national clearing house for welfare work in .
1939: Canada::~Full* employment will not likely bo achieved Is  until pralr lo agriculture baa once more a profitable relationship to world markets, Dr, W. A. Mackintosh, profqp-eor of economics at Queen's University, Kingston, Ont„ said in an address at Winnipeg last week.
1939: Canada::~Rural electrification services in Neva Scotia are being provided at a cost less than that in any other* Canadian province, J. J. Doolan, general superintendent of the light and power division of the Nova Scotia Light and Power Company told the Halifax branch of the Engineering Institute of .
1939: Canada::~Queen Elizabeth, It Is recalled, made a favorable impression In both the United Kingdom and other parts of the Commonwealth with her speech in substituting (or King George during tho Chechoclovakian crisis at the launching of the Qu Elisabeth, sister ship of the Qneam Mary, in Scotland this fall. Possibly an opportunity will be afforded Queen Elizabeth also to speak over the air while In .
1939: Canada::~A writer of wide renown, Lady WWilson died suddenly st her Toronto home. She was widely known throughout  and recognised as one of the Dominion's foremost literary critics.
1939: Canada::~Sweeping the World Dr. Corbett declared that adult education "Is a movement whleh is sweeping the world, and a movement that Is most urgent In the Dominion of ." The speaker traced the movement from Its conception In Scotland as s modern school about 110 years ago, adding: "We know now that education Is not static, but progressive, that a man may be better able to learn a! 40 than at 20."
1939: Canada::~The two main objectives, the Prime dimater said, would be to permit as many people as possible, especial y children to see the Kmg and Queen, and to permit Their Majesties to see us much if  as time permits.
1939: -vorld,’~ declared Wallace R Campbell, Narcotic agents call cocaine the president of the tord Motor Company m08t dangerous of all dopes, be-tf Canada Limited, when asked hr * cause its initial stimulating effects year end comment, at Windsor, Ont., ^ 0jten distort the addict s mind, last week. “~In Canada we are forlun- fading him to commit murder, or ite to be m a position to enter upon a âny 0||,er horrible crime without a lew year with confidence. Marring m !ernational complications beyond our control, there are reasonable indications :hat Canadian business will show renewed impetus in 1939 Campbell.
1939: Canada::~tn  on a wide range of agricnl- starch grains. Until the instant ot	‘L!at Ninety Six Lose Lives in
1939: Canada::~During their tour of  .next dinary field corn, a fact which
1939: Canada::~Summer King George and Queen causes the entire kernel to explode Elizabeth will not accept any private when heated, throwing out the white invitations but will be guests of the interior. Long before the arrival of people of  as a whole, Frime white men on this continent the Minister Mackenzie King announced American Indians cultivated a vari-Friday night.	ety of corn similar to our popcorn.
1939: Canada::~The tour was extended to cover every the Gulf of Mexico. Gradually the province due to the decision of the King lake dried up, leaving the valley jimself. By this gracious act the King covered with a bed of silt whose placed the people of  under depth and potential richness comm obligation that can only be met by a pares inited effort to see that the burdens of Nile. 1
1939: Canada:Canada:~Members of the Government and the rine life scattered along the an-oramittees arranging the tour have dent beach lines; and petrified for-been deluged with requests for special est said to have been carried down appearances of Their Majesties at in the heart of a prehistoric glacier, function# throughout  The as it slowly moved from  Prime M mister asked the people to real- countless centuries ago.	'*
1939: Canada::~King and Queen Will Be Quests of  as a Whole
1939: Canada::~slmist by nature, but the out-k tor  in 1939 doesn’t ex-ttly cause our spirit to rise up and the Incoming New Year with Unqualified enthusiasm. A million people on relief; 400.000 young people without Jobs in a land of plenty; ill-feeling and non-co-operation between governments.
1939: Canada::~Those people who say there it lack of unity in  are not wholly correct. They overlook the fact that we are all Agreed something should be done about it.— Toronto Saturday Night.
1939: Canada:United States:~"This has been a year of abundance in butter production in . , and in almost all butter-producing countries the entire world over.”~ says Mr. A. C. Fraser, Secretary of the Council. "We have in Canada, as they have In the United States aç~d Britain, larger stocks than wo ordinarily require. In Canada we have upward of 15.000.000 pounds we would like to remove from the country if we ! could find a buyer. The buyer is not available. If our 2.000.000-odd families in Canada would cook with butter this winter . our situation would be rectified by spring.”
1939: Canada::~Went to the Old Country From  for Christmas—The Dominion’s Birds Are Rated
1939: Canada::~Rt Hon. Margaret Bondfield, Former British Cabinet Minister, Visiting , Deplores “Laissem-Faire” Attr
1939: Canada::~Rt. Hon. Margaret Bondfield, former Labor Minister in the British cabinet, urged women of  to . choose honestly between democracy and totalitarianism. She declared if they earnestly desire democracy they must work for it
1939: United States:Canada:~British Empire Owne Two-Fifthe In countries engaged in Intern* tlonal trade for meat products and furnishing reliable data, It appears that cattle numbers tended to decline from 1926 to about 1931-82, but that the numbers of sheep and pigs in these countries expanded during the same period. Cattle and sheep seem to have increased in number In the past few years, but the number of pigs In several of the more Important pig producing countries, especially the , has been reduced. In 1938 in , hogs, cattle, and horses on farms showed decreases compared with 1937. Sheep Increased by 76,100. The decreases were, horses, 62,290; cattle, 329,300; hogs, 476,-
1939: Canada:Canada:~Early in January steps will be taken to renovate Rideau Hall, Ottawa, official residence of Lord Tweeds-leuir Governor-General of , to put it in readiness to receive the King and Queen when they arrive tn  next May. The King’~s birthday celebrati on, proclaimed for May 20 so far as Canada is concerned, will occur while their majesties are visiting the Dominion’s capital.
1939: Canada::~The general fisheries situation In  has shown steady improvement during the last month, Mr. Michaud stated. “Last year Canada’s fishermen received more money for their total catch than In any other year since 1930." the Minister said.
1939: Canada::~Prices lowest In . Ha few demonstration machines et bargain prices. Will sell farmers direct at agents' prices where we have no dealers. Hpeclal: New •** 4-ply Rubber Belt. 82c a foot. Free catalogues on request. Matthew Moody * Sons «’i.mpaoy. Terrebonne. Que. Established lfAf. uT/Æ
1939: Canada::~ll.lt. Poet Paid With free book ^Animal Alimenta. * Bell A Fo I () Limited I I af Taterinarr Medicines, Verdun Dept: r
1939: In laying more egg#—~If# the selsell?# breeding. That Is how the Canadian Government hopes to Increase the egg production In all flocks throughout Canada.
1939: Canada::~Gold production in  during the first ten months of 1988 totalled 8,871,956 ounces eom-pared with 8,880,786 ounces In the corresponding period of 1987.
1939: Canada:Canada:~Hens In Germany must do their best for the Nazi regime. Regimented birds are expected to Increase their annual production of eggs from 80 to 90 apiece to 140 apiece a year. That's an order, according to Canadian poultry experts. While It may be quite an order, unregimented Canadian hens are expected to do their full duty. While the average annual production per bird In  falls under 100 a year,  Is aiming at 144 a year. So says Dr. W. A. Maw, head of the poultry department of Macdonald College.
1939: Canada::~A course to stimulate interest in the home and community arts of  is being planned at the University of Toronto. In the photo above are seen some fine samples of wood carving executed by Canadian handicraft students. Expert craftsmanship is revealed by the pottery figures and the exquisite pieces of hand-decorated tile pottery.
1939: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To .
1939: Canada::~POP GOES OUR EGO: City folks and townspeople have been looking down their noses too long at the farmers of . Snobbishly, they have been considering themselves a little better, a little brighter .... than the average
1939: Canada::~Speaking at his farewell dinner In Toronto last week former Prime Minister R. R. Bennett produced evidence to show that the majority of men who are leaders In the public life of  come from rural, not metropolitan, areas.
1939: Canada::~The average rats of Interest on 's outstanding debt In the name period had been cut 39%. •The best way to keep the burden of debt as light as possible," continued Mr. Wilson, "la to maintain your credit at high Binding and thereby obtain the benefit of lowest current rates. The rate at which the Dominion borrows compares most favourably with that of other first-das# nations."
1939: Canada::~Taxes had, however, become an ever increasing burden for the bank, "For every dollar distributed to shareholders by way of dividends, 71c if paid out in taxes in ," said Mr. Dobson.
1939: Italy:Canada:~A comprehensive review of economic conditions both In Canada and abroad with particular reference to the dangers of the economic policies now being pursued In Germany and , featured the address of Morris W. Wilson, President and Managing Director at the 70th Annual Meeting of The Royal Bank of .
1939: Canada::~the first half of 1938, had made notable progress and business In  had now resumed Its upward trend.
1939: The Seeds Act, the Fertilisers Act, the Agricultural Pests' Control Act, the Inspection and Sale Act, and the Hay and Straw Inspection Act are six Acts of Parliament which standardize the quality and ré~gule te the sale of seeds, feeds, fertilizers, agricultural poisons, binder twins, and hay and straw in Canada. These Acta are a few of the many which are administered by the Dominion Department of Agriculture.
1939: Canada::~Tourist trade returns had been most encouraging, expenditures by tourists In  totalling approximately $275,000,000 during 1938.
1939: United States:United States:~Mr. Wilson commended highly the new trade agreements betw Canada and the  and between the  and Great Britain. "These,” he maid, "mark the greatest departure from the policies of trade restriction and national self-sufficiency since the war and cannot fall to further the common outlook and cordiality existing between the British and American peoples. It la striking that the agreements, covering an enormous volume of trade and embodying hundreds of reductions of duties and lessened restrictions, include not a single Increase. At the present time no detailed analysis of the
1939: rate.” Mr. Dobson also pointed out that control of “credit”~ Is not within the power of the Chartered Banks but is a prerogative of the Bank of Canada, which alone decides whether a policy of “easy” or "tight” money Is to be pursued.
1939: United States:Canada:~the  about eighteen months ago. concluded Mr. Dobson. Conditions In  had remained comparatively stable and results achieved In 1938 could be regarded as reasonably satisfactory, present outlook Includes a number of factors wh-ch are distinctly encouraging.” he said, "mad I look forward to the future with con-flden ms I believe few countries have ns Premising a future SI hSS
1939: Canada::~:'i<  Is the "logical" place of first attack by a nation making war on the British Empire, Major P. A. Todd f of Ottawa, Officer ' ' Commanding the 61st AM Battery of the Royal Canadian Artillery, declared in an address at Ottawa last week.
1939: England:Canada:~If any European country tried to force its will on , the first thing it would do would he to cut off her supplies and , as a main source of supply, would be a logical point of attack, declared Major Todd, who said he was speaking as* a private individual and not as a military representative.
1939: Canada:United States:~Here is the battle cruiser H.M.S, Repulse in dry dock at Portsmouth undergoing extensive alterations and renovations in preparation for the May sailing which will bring the King and Queen across the Atlantic for their visit to  and the . The "admiral's quarters"
1939: •~ The official report on the location and capacity of flour and feed mills in Canada in 1938 covers a list ef 401 flour mills (with a total 24-hour capacity of 102,992 barrels) and 943 feed mills.
1939: Canada::~1 cup  cod, freshened 1 cup mashed potatoes 1 egg
1939: Canada::~Practically the entire $6,000,000 to be voted for 1939-40 training of pilots Is to be spent to develop the training of pilots for Britain in , under the control of ths Canadian Department of National
1939: Canada::~Company of  .
1939: THE WEEK’S QUESTION: A general election in the Dominion seems slated for the latter part of 1939, What is to be one of the main issues? Answer: Canada’~s participation in wars on other than Canadian soil Right at the moment, nobody is just exactly sure whether it is possible or impossible for Canada to remain neutral in the event of a war in which Great Britain is involved. Due to the Quebec isolationist attitude, this question is likely to be a hot
1939: Better than the old-fashlbned ¦~ tard piaster, Musterole has beer used by millions for 30 years. Recommended by many doctors and nurses Made tit Canada, in three strengths Regular, Children's (mild), and Extra Strong. All druggists, 40# each
1939: Canada::~Immigration into  in 1938 increased to 17,244 persons from 15,101 in 1937, according to
1939: with the mother’~s weight of two I milk produced in Canada every year, it hundred pounds or more.	seems incongruous that the consumption
1939: United States:Canada:~The Leader of the Opposition maintained that Canada was less advanced than most countries of the word when it came to social security Australia, New Zealand and the  were far ahead of , he stated.
1939: Canada::~The people of , he maintained, would not continue indefinitely^ to put up wi^h conditions as they were today.
1939: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To .
1939: Canada::~May Be Commissioner John McMillan, Well-Known in  — To Succeed Gen. Evangeline Booth
1939: Canada::~Commissioner McMillan is well known throughout . He started his career in the Salvation Army in Toronto some 50 years ago. He was on the Canadian Territorial headquarters staff for some time and 1896 went to Australia as private secretary to the
1939: Canada:United States:~During the Great War he was in  again as chief secretary. Later he was transferred to the  where he was in charge of the Chicago territory. Another transfer took him to New York, the biggest Salvation Army area on this continent.
1939: Canada::~gical service for Trans- Airlines and increasing activity of that enterprise has meant a jump of $368,526 in cost of these services.
1939: Canada::~Dominion Government Allows $70,000 For Subsidies to Amateur Flying Clubs Across .
1939: TO BE HEARD—~BBC broadcast, Lord Somers speaking to Boy Scouts of Canada, Feb. 23, 5.45 p.m.
1939: Canada:Canada:~CBC. A Young French Canadian looks at English , a young English Canadian looks at French , ‘‘National Forum" Feb. 26, ;a.00 p.m. CBC. Amos and Andy, special half hour broadcast, Feb. 27, 7 p.m. NBC, Robert Taylor, Jeanette MacDonald, “Screen Guild Show" Feb. 26, 7.30 p.m. CBS. Raymond Paige, 99 men and a girl, new series of shows heard for first time Tuee., Feb. 22, over CBS. Beethoven Symphony No. 1, Montreal Orchestra, March 2, 8.00 p.m. CBC. Bertha McGregor, only woman patent lawyer, guest “It Can Be
1939: Canada::~\V A Hodgins Mrs. L Arm- Presbyterian College there. Mr. from Regensburg in Bavaria to the feet, sometimes, part being rolled strong. C A. Spence, Mrs. Wm. Millar came to  in 1912, and Black sea resembled the steam up while it was not being worked.
1939: Canada::~keep clean Inside." Writ#: Garfield Tea Co., Dept. SI, 1 Close Avenue, To* ronto I. .
1939: Canada::~"I have read In the | newspapers the announcement of the plans of the Canadian National Railways," said Sir Edward, "with regard to a Montreal passenger terminal, and as representing the 92,000 shareholders of the Canadian Pacific Railway and as a citizen of , I take the liberty of imposing on you an expression of my views.”
1939: CANADA::~GREATEST TOBACCO BARGAIN IN  _
1939: Canada::~In the meantime he urged support for the development of the system of adult education now active in . It was based on three principles, he pointed out First, that no one had enough education; second, that anyone could learn; and third, that voluntary effort was essential.
1939: Canada:England:~ has another viscount listed in the Canadian Almanac, Viscount Greenwood of Hoi borne, Hamar Greenwood, of London, . His son, born in 1914, the Hon. David Henry Hamar Greenwood, is the heir.
1939: Canada:France:~Baron de Longueuil holds the only hereditary Canadian title conferred originally by Louis XIV when  still belonged to . The present baron Is John Moore de Bienville Charles Grant, the ninth baron. His son, Ronald Charles Grant, is heir.
1939: Canada::~Throughout  Is Sought By The Railway Association Which Has Issued Appeals To 87 Municipalities.
1939: Canada::~The Railway Association of  has requested that watches and clocks in Toronto and the 86 other Canadian municipalities, which have adopted daylight saving, be moved an hour ahead at midnight, Saturday, April 29, and that they will stay that way until Sunday, Sept. 24. The result is expected to be a lessening of the confusion which each year accompanies the time change, various municipalities fall in line at various dates. Last year, for instance, ten Ontario municipalities switched on April 23, while eight others followed suit on dates ranging all the way from April 24 to June 11.
1939: Canada::Separatism, Mr Harvey said, did not flourish in prosperous times. Quebec was not the only threat to ’~s unity. The Maritime Provinces did not seo eyo to eye with Central Canada, Ontario and Manitoba were divided, not only in interests but by natural geophysical barriers, and the Prairie Provinces had different views from the rest of Canada. British Columbia had no common interests with the Prairie Provinces. One of the fundamental difficulties, Mr. Harvey stated, was too small a population in too great an area. He pointed out that the United States had more than ten times the population in an area somewhat less than Canada’s.
1939: Canada::~khe track at crossings rendered danger- !of old age pensions in  in 1938. ous by bushes or other obstructions to The number has almost doubled since vision. Moreover, the compulsory stop , 1935 law, when strictly enforced, guards
1939: Canada::~In 1938  produced maple
1939: Canada::~AGRNTTS WANTED- Familex will start you in a profitable business like hundreds of others throughout . No experience required. We train you. Liberal commission for selling 200 guaranteed necessities. Meet all competition successfully. Ambitious salesmen, write
1939: Canada::~Better than the old-fashioned mus tard plaster, Musterole has beer used by millions for 80 years. Recoin mended by many doctors end mimes Modi in , in throe strengths Regular, Children’s (mild), and Ex torn Strong. All druggists, 4Of each
1939: Canada::~Practically half the total n her of passenger automobiles sold to customers in  In 1988 were sold in Ontario: 47,676 out of the dominion total of 96,972, or 49.6 per cent
1939: Canada::~Just over half the entire eenger car registration in  was in Ontario: 682,212 out of 160,978, or 60.1 per cent
1939: Canada::~Trade Minister Baler told the House of Commons at Ottawa last week that the Government was giving consideration to the situation created by the inflow of American wheat Into Eastern , displacing Ontario-grown wheat.
1939: book, “~The World in Canada."	Mr L A Smart wp	The bridesmaid’s dress was of
1939: Canada::~Those with only a little land to spare should concentrate on those vegetables which give the biggest returns for the smallest space occupied. Among such kinds are beans, carrots, onions, lettuce, swiss chard, spinach, cucumbers and beets. In the lesser-known vegetables are leeks, egg and pepper plants, broad beans and cos lettuce. These can all be grown in almost any part of . Experts advise the inclusion of something new in the vegetable line each year so that variety can be gradually widened.
1939: Canada:Canada:~ is a comparatively new country agriculturally, but her vaunted virgin soils are being fast depleted by cropping, by drifting and by erosion. Fortunately, the need for restoring lost fertility is now becoming recognized generally. History repeats itself, and the experience of British farmers of nearly 100 years ago has been that of  more recently, says B. Leslie Emslie, chemist-agronomist.
1939: WANTED —~ ORIGINAL POEMS, song#, for Immediate consideration. Send poeme to Columbian Music Publishers, Ltd , Dept M87. Toronto, Canada.
1939: Canada::~Mr*. Dominic Pallarla, believed to be the largest woman in Ontario if not all , weighing 600 pound*, was laid at rest In St. Peter’s cemetery, London, Ont., early In April.
1939: tchk!” on every bend, and "let me at 'em" .... You all know what it was that Professor Orube of Trinity College said that he shouldn’~t bave (that Canada's expenditure lor defence would only be a contribution in support of British imperialism), but Professor Underhill's alleged utterances ttchk! tchk!) are only vaguely reported .... something about hanging out woollen flags which would shrink like the British Empire Is shrinking
1939: Canada::TOURISTS MAKE UP FOR IT ’~s unfavorable trade balances with the United States in 1988 was almost $68,000,000. That is where a tourist trade balance in favor of Canada helps out.—Sault Daily Star.
1939: CANADA::~GREATEST TOBACCO BARGAIN IN  _
1939: Canada::~Govrnment action at Ottawa, to bring down legislation designed to curtail the operations of loan sharks, wins widespread attention and approval. The topic aroused considerable interest when the Hon. Mr. Haley forecast its introduction. Reaction in the press of many parts of  has been fSYPrable, and the introduction of such legislation in the Upper House by Senator Dandurand has stimulated the laudatory comment. —Halifax Chronicle.
1939: Canada::~tre at every feast, and a skeleton In most legislative closets today in  .... The situation improves not a whit while over the past nine years $900,000,000 has been spent in the Dominion for unemployment relief, direct and Indirect. A constructive policy of works projects is Indicated as the Immediate solution.
1939: Canada::~The new silver dollar, struck to commemorate the forthcoming visit of the King and Queen to , will be available to the public early this month. Through the co-operation of the Post Office Department the coin will be available at post offices in places where there are no local branch banks.
1939: Canada:Canada:~Defence Minister Mackenzie last week announced pilots for the Royal Air Force will receive training in  with the Royal Canadian Air Force under an agreement between the governments of  and Great
1939: Canada::~They will receive their training at the Trenton and Camp Borden establish ments and will share in a greatly expanded training scheme for the Canadian forces. This involves the creation of a new class of short service officers for  s air defence.
1939: Canada::~Training of British pilots in  seAt at tbe boar(1
1939: Canada::~come to  to be given the inter- jn<T roA(j
1939: Canada::~Removal of the three percent excise tax on all imports other than those en tering  under the general tariff
1939: Canada::~Changes in 78 tariff items largely-confirming concessions in -0.8, trade agreement already approved
1939: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To 
1939: R. K. Carnegie, superintendent of the Canadian Press’~ Ottawa bureau, will be the only newspaperman from Canada aboard H.M.S. Repulse, which will bring the King and Queen to Canada in May. Mr. Carnegie has just sailed for London to join the royal party.
1939: Canada::~Of  Ltd.
1939: Canada::~The meat of the buffalo, once the principal fare of pioneer plainsmen, Is a popular repast with many Canadians who like extra flavor amd novelty in their meals. Tasty buffalo steaks were served at one ef the meals on the Royal train according to the Department of Resources, Ottawa, which maintains great herds of these animals In two tlonal parks In Western .
1939: Canada::~Experts not only caution against too early sowing of vegetables, but they also advise not to stop too soon. There is no reason why the plantings cannot be continued In most parts of  right through until July. This will spread the harvesting season over an equally long period with vegetables always fresh just coming to maturity.
1939: Canada::~Pasteurized milk has lost none of its nutritive qualities in the process. Th has time and again been shown by experiments in Great Britain, l nited States and .
1939: Canada::~Anywhere in  .
1939: United States:Canada:~Hon.. Daniel C. Roper, LEFT, former secretary of commerce in the Roosevelt administration, arrives in Ottawa with Mrs. Roper to be greeted by Premier Mackenzie King, as he officially assumes the post of envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary from  to '
1939: England::~Between 1860 end 1880, the peak of the boom, the New  members of a religious sect known as the “~Shakers" had a virtual monopoly on the botanical drug business, shipping their products all over America and to foreign countries. At about the same time, shrewd promotion led ignorant Chinese to believe that ginseng, e common plant in the eastern United States and Canada, was a remarkable healer, apd ginseng seeds literally became worth their weight in gold in northern China.
1939: Dealing editorially with the royal visit, the London Times, under the headline “~The King of Canada*’, remarks upon the extraordinary variety of the Domin ion and says the remarkable enthusiasm evoked among all classes and sections of the Canadian people gives good ground for confidence that the King’~s hope that Canada may have a deeper conception of her unity as a nation may be realized. “The King is a living symbol of that unity,” adds the Times, “~and his visit to Canada may well help, not Canada alone, but the whole Empire to a deeper conception of its unity
1939: Canada::~Overproduction of registered seed wheat In Alberta last year had brought hardships to seed growers of that province but reports from other branches including Quebec, Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia. Indicated more satisfactory conditions although wet weather spoiled seed crops In Eastern .
1939: Canada:United States:~Dr. Dubeau welcomed 400 dentiste from  and  to the three-day convention.
1939: HAY FEVER. ROBE FBVZÎt SL’~F. ferers. Money Back Remily. $1.68. Canada Herb Co., Wlnlsor. Ontario.
1939: ¦~Some radio stations in Canada are talking experiments in telovl-sio and a likellb in near future. This may be taken with the proverbial salt. In the first place it is doubtful if any private station in this country can afford to make more than a few minor efforts. In the second place the CBC has clamped down on any prospecta of television In Canada being developed either privately or commercially or either.
1939: Canada::~TO BE HEARD . . . July 1,1*4 p m.. CBIv-CBC  Day at NT.
1939: Canada::~Expressing the hope that British film producers will, during the next year, consider the production of more pictures for distribution la , the annual report of the Board of Censors of Motion Pictures and Theatre Inspection Branch in Ontario, indicates that British films met with favor among provincial adulences. The report Is
1939: P. J. Mulqueen of Toronto, chairman of the Canadian Olympic .Committee, >aid last week he felt "very hopeful if not exactly confident”~ that the International Olympic Committee will select Canada as the locale for the 1944 winter games.
1939: "First of all." Joe said. “~y<ia might tall me what kind of a place you and this Cissy Jane have in Canada?"
1939: Canada::~Pearls probably will be worn more frequently since Her Majesty rarely was seen without two or three strings. While 's well-dressed woman favor fur in Jacket form or as a neck piece. Queen Elizabeth used it to trim her cuffs aud band her hem or in collar effect. She only occasionally wears a fur jacket.
1939: Canada:United States:~Mrs. Rae is accompanying her husband on a business trip through  and the .
1939: usa:Canada:~of Joso, we could solve any problem with which the Canadians are faced. We could clean up the railway mess we could pot unemployed to work, and we could redeem the hundred thond human lives who are panhandling their way all back and forth across . — Farmer's Advocate.
1939: Canada::~WE CAN SOLVE ANY PROBLEM The arrangements made across  to greet Their Majesties the King and Queen is am object lesson In organisation and efficiency. If we would submerge polities and pat ourselves wholeheartedly into the enterprise ms Cased la ns have done during the month of May and those early days
1939: Canada::~danger of war In Europe and tho far East la increasing day by day, we're mot supposed to know it over here la . A number of the big business houses In the Dominion have come to believe that continual featuring of war-scare news la the press and on the radio la partially responsible for the slump in trade — that it's, well, bad for business. It Is rumored that they are exerting pressure on the larger newspapers to go slow on the scare headlines, and play up our forthcoming election, and such, instead.
1939: "It,” said Kelly, "is out. The family found out from my uncle's caretaker that we’~d stayed at my Uncle Tyler s place that night and Gilbert chose to make an issue of it. He would hardly believe that we'd had an automobile crash. He hardly believes that we were forced to come to Canada. Said it was all fantastic. And he practically moused me of—of ousness. And he was just so nasty and rotten that I got sore. So I told him It was all off . He's sulking back to Buffalo with the family.”
1939: Canada::~Statu ami business leaders attended a dinner early In July commemorating the 175th anniversary of the Quebec Chronicle-Telegraph, 's oldest newspaper.
1939: Canada::~History of the paper from Its foundation. Juno 21, 1764, as the bilingual Quebec Gazette was reviewed by-spcaker who commended Its role In the life of the old capital of Freach-.
1939: Canada:Canada:~ENOUGH FOR ALL: Thanks to the methods employed by Herr Hitler, millions of dollars have been pouring into  In the past few months to the extent of |60,-OM.OOO or $60,000,000. It Is capital from Europe. Despite an organised outcry of local Industrialists against U>e admission of new industries or new branches of Industries already established In , It Is indicated In despatches from Ottawa that the Department of Immigration has been quite reasonable In its attitude toward European Industrial leaders who have been driven to Invest their capital and brains beyond the war-worried countries.
1939: Canada::~And why shouldn't we be reasonable! New capital, new manufacturing and new brains will create new employment and should be encouraged. Not only will a manufacturing boom create work for hundreds of artisans who sre unemployed st present, but It will result In a great consumption of raw materials. It Is truly a good thing for .
1939: France:Canada:~On his way home from , where he officiated in various ceremonies, His Eminence, Cardinal Rodrigue Villeneuve, archbishop of Quebec, and primate of the Romsn Catholic church in , finds much to interest him as he inspects the Quebec exhibit at the world’s fair in New York. With him is His Grace Msgr. Vachon, rector of Laval University, Montreal.
1939: Canada::~A huge bald eagle was seen flying over Meaford, Ontario, the other day and so rare is this sight in this part of  that the whole Meaford Natural History Club turned out in goodly numbers to spend the week-end covering this Georgian Bay district to find if the large bird had decided to nest in these parts of Ontario.
1939: Canada::~Corporal John Timmerman of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police announced here recently police Identification methods throughout  have been changed materially through adoption of an elaborate new system, the modus operand! system.
1939: Canada::~OUR HERITAGE: For the first five months of this year  was third among the gold producing countries of the world.
1939: Canada::~We have become members of  Packers Shut*
1939: Canada::~plied by  Packers Limited who guarantee the
1939: Cleveland, Ohio, July 88 —~Hundreds of Canadians representing every phase of the Dominion's 150,000,000 poultry industry converged on Cleveland today for the opening of the seventh Worlds Poultry Congress. Canada is one ot 44
1939: Canada::~Rosie, bad actor of the elephant troupe in the Kingling Bros, circus touring eastern  recently, didn't like the tasks assigned to her when the big tent was being pitched in Toronto. She seized an attendant in her trunk, tossed him to the ground and injured him so badly that he was rushed to hospital for attention. This picture, taken just as the pachyderm's temper flared, shows keepers driving back Rosie while the injured man crawls to safety (arrow). According to reports this is Rosie’s fourth At of temper ending in injury to her keepers in the current season.
1939: The Shawville Women’s lost!6 tute will meet at the home of Mrs. A If. Draper, on Monday evening, September 11th, at 7.80 o’~clock sharp. Roll call-Some impres. hions of the Royal visit to Canada. Program—By High School Teachers. Assisting Hostesses—Mr*. 3. Langford and Mrs. A. Proud foot.
1939: Canada::~Mr. and Mrs. G A McDougall and little son, left Sunday by motor to spend a vacation with their relatives in Western .
1939: Canada::~Messrs. R P. and Harry Fades left last week for Western , where they will visit relatives. Mrs. R. P. Fades will leave on Friday to join her husband.
1939: Canada::~Pictured here with Lady Maugham as they arrived in Quebec City is l*ord Maugham, High Chancellor of Great Britain, who came tc  te attend the oonvention of the Canadian Bar Association and to o#Rcbally open the Canadian National Exhibition.
1939: England:Canada:~When  was of the same population that  now has, she had a great literature. We have very little, and not of the highest class.
1939: Canada::~Consumption was highest in Saskatchewan, 1.46 pints and lowest in New Brunswick, 0 90 vint. This consumption rate of 1.09 for the farm homes of  compares fairly closely with the daily per capita consumption of one pint in 360 farm households in certain rural areas of Quebec, Ontario and Alberta, as arrived at in former survey by the Economics Division. In the latest survey, more than a third 33 36 percent, of the milk consumed in farm homes was used in cooking and approximately two thirds was consumed as a beverage.
1939: Canada::~The report was prepared by the Division at the request of the Associate County Women of the World for a study of the consumption of milk, cream, butter and cheese in rural households in .
1939: Canada::~Anywhere in  To United State».
1939: 'ATTENTION, HOUSEWIVES—~ Know your Preserve# and Pickles. 100 Assorted Labels 10c, 60# Labels 25c postpaid. Lewie Print Ing, Station H, Toronto, Canada.
1939: Canada::~appointed by Eire in , Mr. John Mrs. Hearne and their two charming chil-RIGHT, and Justin, aboard the Duchess of Bedford a»
1939: Municipal Law. Roil rail— Names CHICK KN SuPi’~Bli The Ladies of Premiers of Canada since Court f Holy Trinty Church Guild, I federation. Assisting hostesses,
1939: Canada::~Britain will look to  for Bacon, Hams, Lard, Butter, Eggs, Wheat, Cheese, etc
1939: Canada::~Production of the aircraft industry in  In 1938 amounted in value to $6,927,105. a sharp Increase compared with $1,780,724 the previous year, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics reports.
1939: usa:Canada:~Thonds From U. S. Make Trips To  And Not To Europe
1939: Canada:usa:~Hotels and tourist homes in  are benefiting as a result of the war In Europe. Thonds of American tourists, who t visti either Britain or Continental Europe in the summer have now decided to confine their holidays 'i the American side of the Atlantic.
1939: You’ll like the way it snap* y< back, overnight, to the feeling i "rarln" to go" fitness and lnsl< cleanliness ! Helps eliminate tl left-over wastes that hold yi back, cause headaches, tndigestioi etc. Garfield Tea is not a mlrac worker, but If CONSTIPATION bj there you. It will certainly "t wonders!*' 10c and 25c of drugstor WRITE FOR FREE SAM PL of Garfield Tea and Garfield He ache Powders to: GARFIELD Tl CO., Dept. 60. 1 Close Avenue, T«~ onto 1, Canada.
1939: HARDY APPLE TREES—~56 CENlS each. Canada's Loweet Priced Nursery. Growing leading varieties Fruit Trees, Ornamental*.
1939: AGENTS XV ANTED—~IN ALL Districts In Canada for Indestruct-
1939: Canada::~MEN WANTED IN EVERY CITY. Sell Dexter Weatherproof service shoes, greatest shoe value In . Complete line of boots and shoes for men and women. Also raincoats and wlndbreokers. Free selling outfit Dexter Shoe Company. Limited. Montreal.
1939: Canada::~EIGHT ENLARGED PRINTS 21c. Special offer for summer. Fra* colortone enlargement with anv order of 25c or more. Films developed and 8 enlarged double a sa# prints 26c. Reprints 4c each.  Photo Supply. Box HI..Toronto
1939: Canada::~No doubt the Canadian railway men would like to put luxury streamliners on more than one run In . But, at $2,000.00 per trail/, the thought is hard to try and change from a wish ?o a fact
1939: Canada::~Five hundred and sixty cities and  have been designated
1939: Canada::~m points for registration of enemy aliens, it was disclosed Friday in the  Gazette.
1939: Canada::~governing Dominions of , Aus- The old Charleston market in New Clive Smart, 3rd Harold Hayes India, New Zealand and South Afriea York has undergone extensive re- Saddle Horse—1st W J Smith, 2nd We have the heart nf moral convictions pairs more than once since it was B C Horner.
1939: Canada::~mendous resources of " in de-	remain” A pUt annexé to Herd HoDteins-Dt Walter Kilgour. j ward simplicity, beauty and com-
1939: Canada::~command of the seas will enable us to , bring the immence resources of  | projecting juilding*.
1939: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To .../.
1939: Canada::~over here in  it's very hard on the nerves constantly having to re-adjust ourselves to a now picture of the world last week, today, tomorrow. As each new shift occurs in the combinations of world powers, we are forced to acquire on the instant an entirely new set of opinions, predictions, hopes.
1939: Canada::~It Is Inevitable that the World War will bring to  am enormous Increase In national purchasing power and In Production, employment, agricultural buying power oannet help but be tremendously stimulated by the conditions which this conflict will orsato k a country situated as ws are.
1939: Canada::~In order that Canadian shool children, who were unable to visit the Fair, may have the opportunity of seeing many of these pictures in their classrooms, British Acoustics Films e Limited have completed arrangements with Associated Screen News Limited of Montres 1 for their distribution in .
1939: Canada::~adventure and enterprise, Canadians, assisted by this Century-old Bank, are continually making voyages of discovery in business. As new products are developed and markets found, the experience and facilities of this Bank are playing their part in 's March of Progress.
1939: Canada::~This daring navigator woo Ike proud title oi "Diicoverer of ." In 1534 he made hie first voyage |nd landed at Gaspe where he planted a 30 loot cross and claimed this new land jor Franç~ois I of France. The following year he sailed up the river to Stadacena—now Quebec—where he spent the winter of 1535-6, sailing horns in the Spring, carrying glowing
1939: Canada::~As the first step toward developing a 660-acre college camp site, Scouts and Cubs of the Upper  College Scout Troop this summer planted some 12,000 young pine trees at Norval, Ont. The trees were planted under direction of Mr. A. H. Richardson, of the Provincial Forestry Department, a Scout Commissioner.
1939: Canada::~While Thom spends the winter at Wolstenholme, the most northerly tip of  west of Hudson Bay, his wife and daughter will live with Mrs. Thom's parents, Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Lockerbie, of Pine Beach, on Lake Simcoe.
1939: United States:Canada:~A campaign against tuberculosis had been conducted in the  for the past 40 years with decided progress, Dr. Dube stated. In , progress had been a lot slower, thus failing to check properly the heavy annual death
1939: Canada::~List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co. Registered. Patent Attorney* ITS Bank Street Ottawa. .
1939: Canada::~Common clays suitable for the production of budding brick and tile are to be found in all the provinces of .
1939: Canada::~tions with R.C.M.P., R.C.JLF-Trans- Airway* Dept of Transport, Marconi Co» etc.
1939: Canada::~Dr Barton said it was plainly apurent that the temper of people of  is tint this war shall not be one of great
1939: Canada::~rom  this year. Of a crop of
1939: not more than 15,000,000 bushels about sRaR»~s throne, of massive gold and r>0 per cent is usually exported. It is proposed to dispose of half of the a Altai export in Canada as fresh fruit and dry and can the remainder.
1939: “~The Government of Canada ha*
1939: “In this connection, it is believed that •~ veryone in Canada and particularly the housewife, will be willing to co-operate t > bring about a larger consumption of his excellent Canadian fruit during the next few months. This would solve the problem’.
1939: At a conference between Ministers, deputy Ministers and other officials of he Provincial Departments of Agricul* and the members of the recently a-me,I Agricultural Supplies Consultée, held in Ottawa September 27th and j8th, the fullest co-operation of the provinces with the Committee in any 'î~fort to promote the production of essential food products to meet the needs of Britain and her Allies and the people of Canada, was pledged.
1939: •~mi with Canada's first dtrtsion
1939: Canada::~In a sense  la now the “Air Capital of the Emp ire,” as the above picture testifies. Grouped around Lord Riverdale are member# of the British Air Missio n, here to organise s “finishing school”~ for Air Force pilots from Australia, New Zealand and, of course, Canada. Pilots from Britain herself may be sent hers too for "finishing,” Lord Riverdale indicated. Left to right in the group taken at Quebec just before the mission members boarded their C.P.R. special car for Ottawa are: Group Captain L. N. Hollinghurst, O.B.E., D.F.C., F. R. Howard, Group Captain J. M. Robb, D.S.O., D.F.C., Air Marshal Sir C. L. Courtney, K.C.B., C.B.E., D.S.O., Lord Riverdale, beside whom is Group Captain A. É~. Godfrey, of the Royal Canadian Air Force who returned to Canada with the mission, Miss M. A. Wright and Miss V. M. Bennett, shorthand secretaries, J. R. Smyth, À~. D. Hayward and Group Captain A. Gray, M.C. Other members of the mission who have not yet arrived in Canada are Air Chief Marshall Sir Robert Brooke-Popham, G.C.V.O., K.C.B., C.M.G., D.S.Oi, A.F.C., F. T. Searle and Captain Paul Balfour.
1939: Canada::~H la i tor I call y, things are to be a lot different In this war since, from the beginning, an official record will be kept of the movements, sett vit lee, engagements, etc., of aB 's overseas forces.
1939: Canada:usa:~NEW SKEET TITLE 's thonds of skeet shooters have a new mark to aim at now that a new Canadian amateur long run skeet record has just been established by Arthur C. Donner, one of the best known shotgun shooters in the Dominion.
1939: Canada:Canada:~Aircraft manufacturing and air training schools in  will be called upon to play a larger part in the Empire's war effort in light of the announcement and in London that advanced air training will be centralized in  and steps will be taken to speed production.
1939: Canada::~The announcement that Empire filers from the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand will be given advanced training in  is interpreted in aviation circles as a tribute to the efficiency of the Canadian training.
1939: Canada::~In connection with training,  is one of the most advanced countries in tht world in so far as civil aviation is concerned and the facilities for training civilian pilots may be utilized in the war scheme.
1939: Canada::~Toronto psychologists, clergymen and physicians have agreed that, even though  be at war, there should be no suggestion of curtailing entertainment, sports or other forms of amusement either among the troops or the civilian population.
1939: Canada::~The quantity of leather footwear manufactured in  for the six-month period ended June 30, 1939, totalled 11,249,771 pairs, compared with 10,946,863 pairs for the corresponding period in 1938.
1939: Canada::~Rev. Gordon A. Pisco, general secretary of the United Church of , said: "At this time of struggle, and taking the whole Canadian situation Into account, 1 believe that normal
1939: Canada::Known by shooters in almost all of ’s shotgun clubs, Donner s brilliant marksmanship ip by no means confined to shattering the swift-flying clay-pigeons. For many years h«~ has been known as one of the country's leading aerial shooting experts. Sportsmei all over Canada have, at one time or another, been thrilled by this sniper's exhibitions which include such tricks as hitting a pea in mid-air, putting five shots into a falling block of wood with a 30/30 le/er action rifle, and smashing up to five clay-pigeons tossed into the
1939: There are two Costellos in the Seaforths, unrelated but both with some Spanish blood. W. E. Costello said: "The regiment’~s got the best record of any in Canada,” and A. P. Costello explained : "The gang’s all here.”
1939: Canada::~For most of its needs,  i* in a fortunate position, the m it toe s-iid. There is nil ample supply of almost every essential soi t of garden and held seeds for the Spring of 1040 After that, if war is prolonged, it will be neves sary to provide sufficient seed to produce crop^for consumption and crops forVeed in! 1041.
1939: Canada::~The kingdom of Bhutan is a semiindependent native state in the Himalayas between Thibet on the north and British India on the south. The Agricultural Supplies Com- with Sikkam on the west. It is 190 mit tee has set up a weed supply miles long, from east to west, and committee to take c harge of seed 90 miles wide at one point, supplies because substantial quan- area is about 18,000 square miles; tities of  * seed require- the population is estimated at 300,-raents are imported from overseas 000. „ The capital, Punakhg, is - a and may be interfered with by the fortress of great natural strength war, it was announced Thursday The inhabitants of Bhutan are Mon-
1939: Canada::~The super-destroyer Kempenfell, which has been tafcen over by the Canadian navy, has been re-chrle-toned Asslnibolne. While It Is no doubt the custom to change a vessel's name under fheee circumstances. and Asslnibolne Is a good nattve-Canadlan name, Kempenfelt Is also familiar to Canadians as that of the bay on which Barris Is located. 's new naval unit Is no doubt called after the As-slnlbolne river which bears the name of the Asslnibolne or Stoney Indian tribe. The word means “one who roasts by the use of stones," an old Indian custom.
1939: Canada::~The above views show some of the various duties of the Royal Canadian Navy on both coasts. Left, top to bottom: One of the fast destroyers on patrol duty along the seaboard: A depth charge exploding astern of a speeding destroyer; Sailors manning a rapid-fire anti-aircraft gun on deck. Right, top to bottom: The after deck of a destroyer showing depth charges and mine-sweeping equipment: A torpedo leaving the tube toward the objective; Sailors manning one of the deck guns. Listeners of the Canadian Breadcasting Corporation's National Network will hear another of the feature broadcasts devoted to 's Fighting Services on Friday, December 1, 9.00-10.00 p.m. EST. “The Royal Canadian Navy" will be a sound-picture of the complete and comprehensive activities of the Navy at work in time of war.
1939: Canada::~A.N OFFER TU EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co. Registered. Patent Attorneys, Renk Street. Ottawa. .
1939: Canada:Canada:~The war appropriation of $100,000,000 was voted by  In September. Defenses, expenditures for 1939-40, before the declaration of war, had been budgetted at $53,000,000, giving  a total of $163,000,000 for war.
1939: usa:Canada:~There are ten thond acres under soya bean production in , mostly in Ontario. Ten years ago it was an unknown crop in the Dominion. Its uses are many and the soya bean has become an important raw material in the automobile, electrical appliance, enamel, soap and feed industries, as well as in innumerable industries using plastics. It is anticipated that the war will greatly extend the cultivation and utility of the •oya bean.—Marketing.
1939: Canada::~That well-known and active conservation organization, Ducks Unlimited (), “shot" the first of its “duck-outs" recently atJTa-tagwa Lake near Weyburn, Saak., in a campaign that will make use of ordinary dynamite to do good work for ducks and conservation in general. This idea of digging duck-outs for ducks is a new one in this country, and should eventually prove successful in blasting miles of ditches through western swamps and praiije country to make homes for the ducks.
1939: Canada::~Immense quantities of frozen fish are being purchased in  and Newfoundland by British fish interests.
1939: Canada::~New Clubs Accepted Hockey interest throughout  is going ahead, with many new clubs being formed, speaks well for the spirit of sportsmen in “carrying on” for the enjoyment and physical well-being of our young men in time of war.
1939: Canada::~For fifty years the O H.A. h&v been in existence and has continuously operated a Senior series. No other sporting organization in  can equal that record.
1939: The Ontario Hockey Association dates back to November 27, 1890, and the Queen’~s Hotel, Toronto, now the Royal York, was its birthplace. The founders of the O.H. A. wer& Hon. Arthur Stanley, son of a former Governor General of Canada, Judge Barron of Stratford, and Harry Ward, M.P., from East Durham. Lt.-CoL A. M. Cosby o{ Toronto was the first President; Messrs. Barren and Ward, Vice-Presidents; C. R. Hamilton, of Toronto Victorias, Secretary;. C. K. Temple, Toronto, Treasurer; and P. D. Ross, Ottawa, J. F. Smellie, Captain Evans, J. C. Garvin, William Hencrie, Jr., Hamilton, A. F. D. MacGachen, Lindsay, and W. A. H. Kerr former the first Executive. The first Senior O.H.A. championship was won by the Ottawa club, with Toronto S(. George’s runneA-up.
1939: Canada::~Air Chief Marshal Sir Robert Brooke-Popham, G.C.V.O., K.C.B., C.M.G., D.S.O., A.F.C., (right in picture) was welcomed by Air Marshal W. A. Bishop, V.C., D.S.O., D.F.C., on his arrival in  to lend his invaluable aid to the Empire air training scheme now under way here under the guidance of Lord Riverdale. Picture was taken when Sir Robert reached Montreal. Britain’s fighting planes and bombers, he said, were superior to those of the enemy. He also stressed the superiority of th# Curtiss planes to the German Messerschmidts.
1939: Canada:Canada:~ opened wider lu doors to Immigrants In the first six months of the present fiscal year. Number of immigrants entering  totalled 12,024, an increase of 10,704 over the same period the previous fiscal year, the immigration department reports at Ottawa.
1939: Canada::~A general contract for erection of a new $185,000 International motor truck sales and service branch house in Toronto has been let to the Brennan Paving Co. of Hamilton, Ont., it was announced recently by Frank W. Morton, Vice-President of International Harvester Company of , Ltd. The Brennan Company, which maintains offices in Toronto as well as in Hamilton, has started construction work on the new building. The new building will have 150 feet of frontage on Bathurst Street, and will be 337 feet deep, its sides extending along Stewart and Wellington Streets. It will be of concrete, brick, stone and steel construction. The front of the structure, containing a showroom on the ground floor and offices above, will be two stories high. The remainder of the building, housing the service station, parts department and truck storage space, ill be of one-storey construction. Among the features of the new International branch house will be a rest room for truck drivers, containing showers and other lavatory facilities. The new building, for which N. A. Armstrong of Toronto is architect, is to be completed by March 15, 1940, according to the contract.
1939: Canada::~At the Dominion Experimental Farm at Fredericton, N.B, the basic ration for brood mares is half a pound of grain, woman, will apply to the Parliament of mac|,. up of three parts of oats and one , at the next session thereof, for p8r| nf bran, and one pound of mixed a Bill of Divorce from her husband, j bay for every hundred pounds of live JAMES VERNKY FINDLAY, of the weight Thus a 1,600 pound mire
1939: Canada::~It is estimated that 's production of sugar from the 1981 sugar beet crop will amount to approximately 80,000,000 pounds.
1939: Canada::~The war Is tending to open up new markets for  to Australia and SoutlyChlna, according to the current Issue of [he Commercial Intelligence Journal, published by the trade and commerce department, Ottawa.
1939: Canada::~. . Tuesday, December 5th, at 8:30 p.m., CBL, Information Please . . . Jhlfr p.m., CBL, 's Fighting Forces ... 10 p.m., Toronto Symphony Orchestra .... Wed., Dec. 6th, 8:30 p.m., CBL, Serenade for Strings . . . 9:30 p.m., Music by Faith . . . Thursday, Dec. 7 at 8:00 p.m., “One Man’s Family . . 8:30 CBL, Parade of the Guards (new) ... 9:00 p.m., CBY. Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra . . f 10 p.m., CFRB, Columbia Workshop.
1939: Canada:England:~Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll, great aunt of the King and widow of a former Governor General of , died at he: home, Kensington Palace, . She was 91 years of age.
1939: Canada::~The Princess was the oldest of the three survivors of Queen Vic toria s family! She is survived by her brother, the 89 year old Duke of Cannaught former Governor General of , and the 82 year old Princess Beatrice, widow of
1940: Canada:United States:~1913 he was engaged with the thinie!, of Powas-an. Ont.; Harry :: tablisliment of the International \|t.[)iU1je|, <>f Davidson, Sask., and Boundary Line between  Qeorge McDaniel, of Bald win ton, and the  Dorn the !^.t,k
1940: Canada::~Eastern  Winners
1940: Canada::~Other Eastern  winners
1940: Canada::~Blanket regulation of 's hog Industry — designed to guard against any repetition of the bacon scandals of the last war — is to be an immediate result of the arrangement now concluded with the Brttr lab Government for large-scale purchases of Canadian bacon last week
1940: Canada::~William Rogers of Tappen, B.C., was awarded the grand championship for rye at the twenty-first international grain and hay show Rogers* victory brought the total number of grand championships won by  this year at Chicago to eight.
1940: Canada::~At home in , the final draft of the momentous Empire air training plan was completed. Highlight»: octiinatcd cost of plan for three years, $600,000,000, with Canada’~s -hare, $350,000,000 quired establishment in Canada of 67 schools of all types; nearly 40,000 men required to carry out plan, exclusive of students
1940: Canada:Canada:~new air fields to be constructed and 20 existing fields enlarged; United Kingdom to supply most of aircraft, including engines and spares, as her share in cost; , Australia and New Zealand to contribute to total cost in proportion to use made of plan by pupils from those countries: excluding cost of aircraft supplied by Britain, Can ada to bear cost of initial and elementary' training in  and [ about four-fifths of remaining costs of program: program to be administered by Dominion Government, with supervisory board composed »f representatives from four countries iDYÇlrçd^i. g/;eat majority of juÿiïs* will be Canadians;- pilot training to take about 26 weeks, J many thousands of pilots to be -turned out each year.	I
1940: Canada::~This young lecturer at the Ontario College of Agriculture promises to reach into his scientific hat and pull out a bigger, redder, juicier tomato than any now grown in . and present It to the catsup preservers and tomato juice squeezers of Western Ontario.
1940: Canada::~"Small, Round, Firm," Wanted He promises to reach into another hat and pull out a little, firm round tomato, more prolific than any grown in , and to present it to eastern Ontario cancers who have been looking for a tom ato that won't go squashy in the
1940: United States:Canada:~Travelling by Pan-American Airways into the , he used other American lines to get to Winnipeg where he boarded a Trans- Air Lines machine for Edmonton.
1940: HOME STUDY COURSES—~BOUGHT sold, rented. Educational books, etc.. Canada's largest dealer. Ix>w-est prices, send for list. Economy Distributing. f«eamington, Ont.
1940: Canada::~The first agricultural school in  was opened in 186!) at Ste. Anne <1 • la Fovatiere, P.Q.
1940: Canada::~Ottawa. .
1940: Canada::~year  s exports. othei than tailed $MlhOOOtOOO wheretu for • he 11 month* this year the total was w;}4 iwith every indication it
1940: Canada::~representing mpanics throughout  re always available to manufacturers »r consultation.
1940: Canada::~Associations in . .. Canadian ! Abbitibi and Mont Laurier Counties, Underwriters* Association :	Western	and hAs been confirmed in principle by
1940: Canada::~ered the government of 	the	;	into Upper P.-ntiac via Gatineau	high-
1940: Canada::~rations aie under way for 's sumo that anything and a.I cuui.tr> first war loan, now scheduled to make the Qucl>vc side oi the* Liver is C» it ineau its appearance during the first quarter , country, and this doc» L<»t -tvm to have • I 1940, is good news inasmuch as it sunk into the brain book r t our lontun will provide the rink and file of Canadi- | people. Probably fifty pt r ( - r,t. (. the mis with an opportunity to make their j traffic up the Gatineau lb ad in the first direct contribution to Candadas summer goes into Pontiac county ng
1940: Canada::~effort. The backbone of 's ! the County Line, much
1940: Canada:Canada:~.-ini because of the vast amount of food - roads wt rr made and tli stuffs, materials and military su oplies improved. For cxan.| !-that will be required from this country, -office door to Otter Like \ True, much of these materials wiM he and Wolf Lake and Lidy-smitl paid for by the Allies, but some of the | speedometer fifty eight u British purchases in this country will "agreed that there G f**r.< h t-icer have to be financed by , and along tln> r- id where u.anv 1  ssown program will be extensive, not tli -u- u.d- < f > munei h ;
1940: It seems probable that at least U) per • quickly he b lilt if g<,r ,l r f the national income will be ; made, required in the next year to meet the Except the McGit . ost of war and the other expenditures there i> nothing ir. t •~ if all governments in Canada and to compare with that finance British purchases here.	To get p oj !i* ir.t
1940: < t cquility in citizenship and its attend* wh- re. prim .{ ant res|>onsibilities. As announced in ¦~nr t ir y progi lhe first war budget, this war, in as far done on th < >t as Canada is concerned, will be financed the Ont tri" < i.H far as practicable on a go” basis, and paid for by all on th general basis of ability to piy. would be impossible to tax for th , mire cost of swinging the program into hipj( t action without tending to hamper
1940: Canada::~ind of gfXHl c itizenship Conditions in  offer promt circumstances for the loan whet
1940: Canada:United States:~Anywhere m  To .
1940: Canada::~Tiie plane was 'J 'Signed tor t Mextern contract but now riot, the war has started It is hoped that  will also take it over. K s ! a primary training machine oil j which you learn to fly before you j go into an advanced “Trainer."
1940: Canada::~equipment have to be provided on short notice, the spokesman said, and this has proved a huge task, because in  no unit was maintained at war strength in
1940: Northern Ireland’~s Linen Industry Will Concentrate on ports to Canada and the U.S.
1940: Canada:United States:~ and the , it	*
1940: Canada::~Sales of products of the slaughtering and meat packing industry in  in 1938, according to a preliminary statement, totalled $174,982,357.
1940: Canada::~One of the reason* the number in this so much smaller is that there German reservists m  or
1940: Canada::~at least they were not detected when broke out in September. It will be recalled also that the crew of the Em-den, the German raider notorious in the first Great War, was interned in .
1940: Canada::~In  the first war loan went on sale, was soon over-subscribed . . . and people heard that Canadian troops were in the frontline trenches . . .
1940: Canada:Poland:~Kenorn-Kainy River district won .1 prize at the recent Chicago lntc: -national Livestock Exhibition an 1 International Grain and Hay Show.  imported moat of its table pea seed from  previous t the war and that source now cut off.
1940: Canada::~When it is estimated that it has cost  from 120 to 150 million dollars to extend care to tho-c veterans of the Great War w<io contracted tuberculosis, it may be understood why an X-ray examination has become an essential part of the preparation of the present Expeditionary Force for tivc service. As a matter of record, tuberculosis during the Great War caused 23 per cent of all deaths from disease and the in va I. iding home of nearly 0,000 Canadian soldiers. Pension lists show that young men were the ones affected. The average age of soldieis pensioned because they had tuberculosis was two years less than the average age for the entire pension group.
1940: Canada::~Music is a business in which  imports more than she extorts. To stimulate home production in this important field, the Canadian Performing Right Society sponsors an annual contest in ical composition. H. T. Jamieson, president of the society, points out that during the last two years 75 young Canadian composers have submitted meritorious eempositions. Ten of these, representing every province in the Dominion, have received scholarships or cash awards.
1940: Edgar C. Thrupp, of Vancouver, »~ member of the Engineering Institute of Canada, forecast at the beginning of the year that 1940 will “~bring the most destructive eatrthquakes of the 20th century," but said that Canada will
1940: CANADA::~I HE  STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
1940: Canada:England:~Throne read by Lord Tweedsmuir. ^gured more prominency in the his-Governor General of , to mem- tory of  than in that of any hers of both Houses assembled, in the other country.
1940: Canada:United States:~Auywhere in  To .
1940: to Its entertainment forces In tlie person of Captain J. J. Gagnter, Hand mas ter of It. M. Canadian Grenadier Guards, who directs “On Parade” the new military musical show heard on Thursday evenings from S:Ü0 to î»~:0(> p.m., K.S.T.. over CUL. Captain Gagnler Is one of t he busiest and most versatile musicians in the Dominion. Desides being conductor of the famous military organization lie Is CPC's Quebec Regional Director of Music, n famous guc-st eonductor and a busy adjudicator in both Canada and the United States. He Is also a composer of repi tatlon and holds the
1940: Canada::~Coast-to eoast radio in  has added a striking personality
1940: Canada::~Reviews 's Relation to War
1940: Canada:Canada:~A striking comparison between the  of 1914 and to-day with particular reference to the important economic contribution this country can make to the allied cause were features of the address given by Morris W. Wilson, President and Managing Director, at the Seventy-first Annual Meeting of The Royal Rank of .
1940: Canada::~Since 1914 's economic structure had been virtually transformed, stated Mr. Wilson, from one based mainly on agriculture to one of great diversification in which manufacturing played a leading roU*. He predicted this trend would undoubtedly an even greater stimulus if the present conflict is prolonged.
1940: “~In our past crop, yields were again abundant, the total wheat crop for all Canada falling but little below half a billion bushels. Thus the Second World War finds us in a unique position to continue as the 'Granary of the Empire.'
1940: “~While Canada's manufacturing industry played a noteworthy role in the production of munitions during the last war, should the need arise, we shall be able to outatrip greatly anything wc were able to do at that time.
1940: France::~Mr. Wilson emphasized particularly the need for buying a maximum amount of goods from Great Britain and . “In this way,” hu said, “funds will be made available for the purchase of wheat and •~ war supplies in Canada, leaving the gold and foreign exchange reserves of Great Britain for use as a last resort.
1940: Canada::Everything possible must be done to stimulate ’s exports with a view to commanding purchasing power abroad. “~We are in an absolutely unique position to supply goods to Great Britain and France. This must necessarily lead I to business activity such as we have not previously known.
1940: “~It seems to me also that the war affords Canada a unique opportunity to develop further its tourist trade. It therefore behooves our governing bodies to bring the unquestioned attractions of Canada as prominently as possible to the attention of prospective visitors from the United States. In normal years, tourists spend as much as $250/300 million in Canada. This trade is thus an important factor in our international balance of payments. As a means of strengthening our economy and providing foreign exchange, our efforts to attract tourists should he redoubled.”
1940: Canada::~Mr. Dobson reported a greater demand for Commercial loans in  and that the total under this heading was now $212,627,311, an increase of $14,424,408.
1940: “~War power to-day depends largely on minerals, particularly metals. The expansion of the Can. adian output of such products since Jt)14 Ifas been spectacular. In 1914 Canada produced 773,000 fine ounces of gold. In 1939 production was nearly seven times as much as in 1914. Nickel increased from a production of 45% million pounds in 1914 to 227 million pounds in 1939. Copper production haa increased eight-fold during the past 26 years. Lead output is eleven times as great. Zinc production has gone up from 22 million to 381 million pounds. The output of aluminium is eleven times as great, and when plant extensions now under way are completed, production will be increased to nearly fourteen times what it was in 1914.”
1940: “~To-day Canada is a very different nation from the young unseasoned country that went into the last war.
1940: “~Never before in our history haa it been so important that every one of us should practice thrift and industry. If the time comes when unemployment is no longer a problem, we may find ourselves compelled to curtail luxury and other non-essential industries to make way for more essential production. Furthermore, capital and other ex. penditures, public or private, not directly related to winning the war, nor essential to keeping our economic machine functioning efficiently, should be definitely discouraged. It is to be hoped that under these circumstances, labour and wage disputes will be completely avoided. Those who are fortunate enough to remain at their regular employment in Canada must not exploit the situation for their own ends. Capital must also be willing to contribute its full share. Some industries, of course, will be adversely affected by the war, but the majority will undoubtedly experience a great stimulus. The benefits therefrom must not be retained by stockholders except to a normal degree. The Government has devised a sound system of taxing excess profits, but It is also essential that any attempt at profiteering should be ruthlessly suppressed.”
1940: Canada::~In view of the strides which had been made since 1914, Mr. Wilaon bulieved that , “can do perhaps more than any other part of
1940: HARDY APPLE TREES —~ 50 UTS. each. Canada's Lowest Priced Nursery. growing leading varieties Fruit Trees. Ornamentals. Write Immediately requesting sensation, al offerings. Tobe's Treery, Nla-gara-on-tbe-Lake. Ontario.
1940: Canada::~AN UPPER lo EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co. Registered, Patent Attorneys, Bank Street. Ottawa, .
1940: Canada::~J J 1939 Production In  Tops
1940: Statisticians of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company are inclined to believe that pneumonia as a death-dealing disease is well on the way to being conquered. They point out that, coincident with new methods of treating the disease, such outstanding declines in pneumonia mortality have taken place among the insurance company’~s millions of industrial policyholders in Canada and the United States, that in 1939, as well as in 1938, a new low record death rate was established for the disease. And this improvement has continued into 1940, when a pneumonia death rate of 51.7 per 100,000 was established during the first four weeks of January, a rate representing a decline of 33 per cent as compared with that of the corresponding weeks of 1939.
1940: Canada::~Cigarettes released for consumption in  daring the first nine months of the current year amounted to 5,275,000.
1940: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Infor* mation sent free. The Ramsay Co Registered. Patent Attorneys. 273 Bank Street. Ottawa. .
1940: records to show that they have known 1926 to 1937—~Ontario planted m nf Pontiac, Province of Quebec, Canada,
1940: Canada::~are all working to hid.	, it is for these councillors to
1940: on this continent, and if our residents j Ont»*- » enjoys seventy per cent, ol the 3err ,n SOnb and sang it with such and political father» think that Tourist* Spoilsmen ard Tourist business ol îff( M»at «~t became the battle and Sportsmen, can be fooled more than j Canada.	.	, torn the l >uth.
1940: Canada::~These radical changes were envisioned in a paper by G. A. Ga-herty, M.E.t.C., president of the Montreal Engineering Company, dealing with the Dominion s economic wartime front, and presented before the Engineering Institute of  assembled
1940: Canada::~Lord Riverdale says  easily do with 40,000,000
1940: Canada::~In , Dominion Finance Minister Ralston warned that it to going to be a long and costly war, defense contributions for the mart fiscal year to total half a MHion dollars. In Ontario, the deficit for the fiscal year ending next March 81 was revealed as $4,444,929 ... the surplus forecast for the next fiscal year is $166,239, to be achieved in the pamim by reducing the provincial subsidy to municipalities; by cut-ig unemployment relief by 40 per cent, and Department of Education costs by $1,000,000 (Middle School examinations to be a^ ' tohed) ; and by undertaking a minimum of road construction in the
1940: Canada::~The supply of registered seed in jls rolling stock oil highways except  is rapidly growing less by *n the limited wav that any truck feeding and by sale through the may be operated off a prepared grain trade. This is particularly road. Military timetables, inciden-true of the rust résistent varieties tally, give 150 miles as the av- j of wheat and oats, says the Agri- erage day's march for a mechanized I cultural supply Board and urges division and 175 miles as the av-that it is important that orders erage day's march for a motorized be placed without delay for any division.	I
1940: Canada::~There was an encouraging improvement in the quality of cattle arriving in 1990 at public yards in . According to the Animal Review of the Market Information Service, Dominion Department of Agriculture, choice and good grades of cattle substantially increased in the various weight ranges and classifications while the percentage of medium and
1940: Canada::~marketings for  exceeded
1940: United States:Canada:~those of 1938 by about 20,000 head, the heavier weights of steers showing a decline, This is believed to be due to the fact that, under the beneficial terms of the Canada-United States Agreement, the heavier weights are finding their way to the  where there is a demand for them, whereas in  the tendency appears to be toward smaller roasts and cuts of beef, reflected in a greater demand for lighter weights of live cattle.
1940: Canada::~Cutworms in  have caused injury in the fields for a long time, in the report of M. Tibiei ge on the state of agriculture in Acadia in 1066. At a period when there were only eight farms in the valley of the Saint John River, mention was made that one colonist had sowed a considerable quantity of wheat but had harvested no crop because the "worm* had eaten the seed in the ground."
1940: Canada::~tomology in . Incidentally *^&bt and cannot be sold anyway, it mentioned in that year cater- hilver paper is NOT being collec.ed pillars had destroyed a quantity J now.
1940: England:Canada:~A total of 56,M2 soldiers, sailor.*, and airmen, in  and , marked ballots. Of these 28.385 voted for National Government candidates and 23,372 for Liberals.
1940: Canada::~Seven sons of Frank Ranger and the late Mrs. Ranger are in uniform. Wilfred and Joseph now overseas and Justin expects to go soon, while four others are in training in .
1940: CANADA::~I HI  STARCH < OMPAN * i Vi«
1940: “~There was no way in which we can keep track of these boys. We are hoping that the people of Canada will respond immediately to our appeal for information on any of our men who are serving with units other than Canadian.
1940: Canada::~Cost to  of last week’s Dominion election has been estimated by Jules Castonguay, chief of electoral officer, ak$3,000,000 or almost $1,000,000 less than in 1U35 due to an improved system of preparing voters’ lists.
1940: Canada::~Tha Dominion Agriculture Department has been advised by representatives of the French Government that they expect to purchase horses in  for cavalry purposes and of the light draught type, with inspections taking place the middle of May, it was learned in Ottawa last week.
1940: Canada:usa:~Actual purchasing likely will be done through French purchasing boards operating at the larger railroad centres in Eastern and Western . Department officials did not know the exact number of horses required but it was learned from other sources that it likely will be several thond of each class.
1940: Canada::~According to the final ofli.'ial estimates of shorn and pulled wool produc tion in  for 1939 111»» total wool production for that year was 17,888,000 lbs., of which 13,611,000 lbs. were shorn wool
1940: Canada::~Of the 73V Bible translations circulated throughout tin* world,  requires 110 for the I dominion.
1940: Canada::~Retail sales of gasoline in  during the first eleven months of 1939 amounted to 752,241,000 gallons compared with 714,220,000 gallons in the corresponding period of 1938.
1940: Canada::~SEND FOR FREE LIST OF GOOD used fiction at bargain prices. Adventure, mystery, romance by the best modern and old time writers. State your favourite titles and authors. Largest stock of fiction In . Book Bloor West, Toronto.
1940: Canada::~The Canadian National Railways shrewd $17,245,000 decrease in its deficit during the period April 1, 1989, to Feb. 29, 1940, eompared with the same period She previous year, it was shown in a statement issued by the Comptroller of the Treasury. Trans- Airlines and the
1940: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Infor-matlon sent free. The Ramsay Co Registered. Patent Attorneys. 273 Rank Street. Ottawa, .
1940: Canada::~At the advanced age ot 89 years. Mr. Findlay was one of the oldest and best known citizens of the district XVhen four years old he came to  with his parents, the late James Findlay and his wife, Sarah McNeill, lie was ed ucated in the schools of Bristol and engaged in farming all ot his life-time He attended St. And rews United Church.
1940: Canada::~The effort of men and women throughout  to provide, as far as possible, for the welfare and comfort of enlisted men and their dependents steadfastly continues with enthusiasm, according to XV. Gordon Gunn, Administrator of the War Chartities Act. To date over four hundred separate organizations have registered under the Act. These do nut include branches or chapters of National organizations, which'number in the thou uid».
1940: Canada::~Re ently a flow of applications have been received from Nor we.  or Canadians of won in descent, for registration funds, principally directed to t) <id of refugees fiom the war . l ich has been visited upon thei uneland.
1940: Canada::~The election cost  $3,000,000. That is a lot of money to pay for getting back what we had before. — Kitchener Record.
1940: Canada::~Numerous public service activities of the Boy Scouts of India are similar to those of the Scouts of . At the great annual festival at the Mahankali Temple the Secunderabad Scouts gave particular attention to first aid and the finding of lost children. Altogether 16 lost children cases were dealt with and many minor injuries were treated by the Scout Ambulance Division.'
1940: Canada::~In  the home front was quiet. Prime Minister Mackenzie King was off on a brief holiday in the States, incidentally calling en President Roosevelt ... Ottawa was preparing for the opening of the House May 16, expecting a session which would deal chiefly with the war, secondarily with unemployment insurance . . Spring was coming to Ontario and farmers were getting ready once more to go out on the land. . .
1940: Canada::~The appropriation for men at sea resulted from a combination of appeals. The Navy League in London made an Empire-wide plea for help in providing of the fleet, and of trawler and. other naval auxiliaries, with warm clothing to supplement apparel official ly issued. Unable to supply articles because wool was not available on this side, the national executive decided t > substitute financial assistance. At the same time, urgent needs of Britain's men of the vast mercantile fleet be came known, and Red Cross in  resolved to do its bit.
1940: Canada::~Result was appropriation of $100,000, to be placed at the disposal of the Overseas Advisory Committee of the Canadian Red Cross in London at the rate of $10,000 a month, and to be distributed 60 per cent, to the Navy League and 40 per cent, to societies servicing men aboard mercantile vessels. With those funds, the Overseas Committee is able to purchase raw materials, to be made up by volunteers in Great Britain working with the organizations helping the men at sea to sustain all weathers. This action of Red Cross obviated organization in  of separate appeals in behalf of British seamen.
1940: Canada::~[ have been reported to hive been travel 1; ing without railway ticket a and refusing | to pay the fate or have been unable to The Deputment of N itional Defence ' do so. The military authorities point has issued a circular letter to all units , out that if this sort of thing continues, in , containing a sharp warning it might lead to the discontinuance of
1940: Known from ancient times as the “~magic mineral, but possibly the least written about of all Canada's rich natural resources, asbestos now has an attractive and informative booklet all its own.* Just published by Canadian Johns Manville Company, operators of the largest asbestos mine in the world at ; Asbestos, I\Q, the new booklet, which is attractively designed and illustrated, is being widely distributed Canadian public.
1940: Canada::~Keeping pace with the actual mining one or more place/ or buildings and and processing operations, research when the total of their offer exceeds the workers have steadily pressed on to dis- sum of $5,000.00, they must attach to cover new and more amazing uses for their tender a certified cheque asbestos which is today utilized in the chartered bank in , made paybuilding of homes ; for brake linings ; ;lble to the order of the Honourable the firemen’s suits ; industrial insulations ; Minister of Public Works, equal to. 10 water, flue and sewer pipes and many per cent of the amount of the tender, other purposes.	or Bearer Bonds of the Dominion of
1940: Canada:Canada:~These and a wealth of other interest-  or of the Canadian National |j ing facts are chronicled in this interest- Railway Company and its constituent ing booklet which also shows how the companies, unconditionally guaranteed progressive town of Asbestos came into as to principal and interest by the Do-being in Quebec as a result of the dis minion of , or the aforemention- IB covery of this rare mineral in that pd bonds and a certified cheque if re-1 £ province.	qui red to make up an odd amount.
1940: Canada::~It is a story that shows how  came to achieve the distinction uf being the richest of all countries in Asbestos, producing nearly 70 per cent, of the worlds supply. It reveals that even today geologists are at a loss to know ex actly how these mysterous deposits took form, although they agree that the “story of asbestos” started millions of
1940: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  ... $1.50 To .. 2.00
1940: Canada::~When  entered the war the Textiles industry immediately pooled j j its resources to meet sudden military demand for peak production. Before November, over 50 Canadian mills were turning out war supplies.
1940: Canada::~Gold production in  dur ing 1939 totalled 0,092,134 fins ounces compared with 4,725,117 fine ounces in 1938.
1940: Little by little English Canadians are realizing the error they have committed in the past by neglecting the many opportunities presented to them in this country to learn French, says “~Le Canada" (Montreal). They are eager to make up for lost time, we have had occasion to note at the Protestant Board of School Commissioners. It seems now to be spreading across Canada. For some time there has been an exchange of students between Quebec and Ontario during the summer vacation which has given satisfactory results to all concerned. The comment of Ontario newspapers on the movement points to a significant change in the attitude of our English-speaking compatriots. A growing number of them wish to learn French for cultural reasons, strengthen the bonds of unity among our people and, finally, because it is useful. Canada is moving toward the right formula of bilingual-
1940: The Earl of Athlon»~, Canada's new Governor-General, will take up his official residence in a stately limestone mansion on the banks of the Ottawa River in a setting of gently rolling lawns and fine o d tree*.
1940: Canada::~In this part of  three radio stations will feature baseball very shortly -— CBL and CFRB in Toronto and CHOC in Hamilton.
1940: Canada::~The building dates back to the days when Ottawa was still the little village of Bytown, unthought of the future capital of . The late Hon. Thomas McKay, a lumber magnet, purchased 1 000 of woodlands on which to
1940: Canada::~All Parts of  to be Represented in Third Division
1940: in which to show the hospital to Mrs. J E. Williamson, of Ed- which have been previously motile public. people are invited roo|)t0„~, Alta., is visiting at the bilized, every endeavor has been from everywhere to visit the home other uncle, Mr.; David T. made to ensure that all parts of hospital and see for themselves I Hodgins, and other relatives in Canada are represented in accord-what it is like, lea will be served, town and vicinity.	lance with population, and bearing
1940: FIÆTVHER BRADLEY'S FAMOUS Australian White Leghorn Baby Chick»~. Now only $15.00 per hundred, reduced from $25.00. Greatest laying stock in ail Canada. Extra large fowl and eggs. Fr« e literature, 153 Bank St.. Ottaw::.
1940: Canada:Canada:~Canada will be fewer in number and Alberta ranks first as producer of oil less ambitious this year owing to war and gas in the Dominion. The Turner conditions. Announcement at Halifax Valley field is responsible for most of last week, that the Nova Scotia provin the production, with a yield in 1939 of cial exhibition was cancelled for 1940 7,456,000 barrels of petroleum. Turner recalls the fact that directors of the Valley produces 96 per cent of all Central  Exhibition held annual- petroleum produced in , ly in Ottawa, decided some time ago to In New Brunswick, the Stoney Creek cancel their fair.	'	I field has been producing oil and gas
1940: Canada:France:~The Quebec government now sttiding j Sarnia to Hamilton plana, advanced by Dominion author- all wells producing gas in commercial ities, whereby Quebec province would quantity lie a few miles south ot the look after some of 10,000 refugee chil- Niagara escarpment. Exploratory dril-dren who would be brought to  ling is in progress on Manitoulin Island, from the United Kingdom,  and No oil or gas in commercial quantity Belgium, it was learned last week.	has been found in Manitoba.
1940: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To .
1940: Canada::~Ducks Unlimited has begun blasting Tatagwa lake, near Wewburn. Sask., under a new plan to create more dugouts for ducks in western . The method of blasting “duck-outs”~ with dynamite was used successfully in the United States, where miles of ditches have been jug through swamps The idea is o create deep holes in dried up ake beds where water will gather n the spring and provide the mi rating ducks with a place to land urine their flight northward.
1940: Canada::~Experts not only caution against too early sowing, but they also advise not to stop too soon. There Is no reason why plantings cannot be continued in most parts of  right through until July. This will spread the harvesting season over equally long period with vegetables always fresh. Just coming to
1940: Canada::~The Dominion of  had its busiest week since the Federal election in March. Parliamentary leaders made speeches, stock-brokers ran from pillar to post, farmers rushed to get their crops in, housewives “blitzkrieg-ed” on their spring-cleaning, military men worked at top speed preparing to set up the Third Canadian Division, municipal authorities strained at the leash to go after “subersive elements” . .
1940: In Parliament, the Speech from the Throne declared that “tragic events” in Europe "have but served to intensify our determination to share in the war effort of the Allied powers to the utmost of our strength”~ . . . Prime Minister King, renewed the assurance to Great Britain of Canada's full support "in these grave, clouded hours” . . . Finance Minister Ralston told the House of Commons that, although Canada’s war bill had mounted to an estimated $700,000,000 a year (almost $2,000,000 a day), with the possibility of further increase, no change was contemplated in the Government’s established "pay-as-you-go” program. Taxes first, then loans, continues to be the war policy ... a rising demand that Canada’~s war effort be speeded up was reflected in-the Government's declarations regarding our participation, but little evidence of a concrete nature was seen, that Canada would enter more fully into the war . . it was announced that a separate Ministry of Air was being created, with Hon. C. G. Power, latterly appointed Postmaster-General, at the head of it . . . the most dramatic moment of the week came when the voice of the new woman member, Mr6*. Dorise Xeilsen, in her maiden speech, was raised in behalf of the forgotten unfortunates of Canada. Making no apologies for turning the subject away from war, she pointed out that in times of crisis, particularly, the fate of those living in poverty could not be overlooked: "Though death stalks through the world and knocks at the door of every nation,” she said, “~life must go on. The time to consider the life of the people of Canada is not when war is finished, but now.”
1940: Canada::~One of the pioneers of air mail In  ten years ago, J. B. Corley, District Director of Postal Services, Calgary, Alta., a visitor in Montreal recalled the changes that had taken place in the past decade and described them as "almost unbelievable.”~ Before 1930, there had been irregular services to outlying communities in Eastern Canada, Mr Corley said in an interview, but the first schedule inter-city operation came into effect on the Prairies. As far back as 1926, Calgary was agitating for air mail. Test flights were made connecting Calgary and Winnipeg, by way of Medicine Hat, Moose Jaw and Regina, with a saving of 24 hours, and in 1930 contracts were awarded.
1940: Canada::~In the same year, an international service was established, from Montreal to Calgary via Toronto, Hamilton, Detroit, Chicago, St. Paul, Pembina and Winnipeg. Two years afterwards, the government discontinued the intercity air mail for economy, but the Prairies were alive to the advantages of wings. Mr. Corley said, and when the Trans- Air Lines began service the response was eager. "The business people of the West are enthusiastic about the service that brings Montreal, Ottawa and Toronto closer," he added, "I know that in Calgary air mail is increasing in volume all the time. The faraway places benefit the most. '
1940: Canada:Canada:~Contrasting flying in  with 10 years ago, Mr. Corley compared the big T. C. A. planes with the old open-cockpit Fok-kers, and referred to the development of the airway with its radio beam and its 24-hour weather service, and to the shorter m<re direct route across .
1940: Canada:Canada:~Here * a real gold mine of the simplest, most delicious recipes for Hot Breads. Cookies, Biscuits, Meats, Fish mnd many other types of foods. Write now for this FREE Recipe Book. Send your request, with a label from any  Starch product, to  Starch Home Service, Dept. Ill -19 Wellington St. E ,Toronto.
1940: CANADA::~insist on  CORN STARCH
1940: CANADA::~THE  STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
1940: Canada::~All over , children and grownups listen e77vy morning to the cheery song of crispness. Breakfasts are gayer when golden-brown Rice Krispies tumble into family cereal bowls! Tests show that Rice Krispies stay floating for hours in milk or cream.
1940: Rice Krispies’~' is the trade-mark of the Kellogg Company of Canada, Limited, for its delicious brand of oven-flopped rice. Order several packages tomorrow. Made by Kellogg's in London, Canada.
1940: Canada::~:	in , including coastal de-
1940: “~The peoples of all races who make up Canada's population
1940: Canada::~A most enjoyable anniversary stand lit inly behind . No was held at Stark’s Corners United one, either by word or deed, sho> ild
1940: Canada:United States:~Pointing out that agriculture has been disrupted In Holland, Belgium, Denmark and other Invaded countries, he said the problem of food would confront every individual lu  and the  In
1940: CANADA:Canada:~OF INTEREST TO  They include among others of Interest to : cod liver oil; fish, fresh, other than frozen and wet salted; spirits, asbestos, raw and waste; drugs, natural, raw; fur skins, undressed; nickel ore, concentrates, residues and matter; radium ores, concentrates, residues and compounds; talc; wood tar; cadium; carbon black films
1940: Canada:United States:~ and  to Supply Europe — President of O.A.C. Stresses Our Important Food Role
1940: Canada::~The important role  must play in providing To: j for peoples of war-torn Europe was stressed by Dr. G. I. Christie in a recent address at Guelph, to more than 140 delegates representing business and professional women’s clubs all throughout Ontario. “~We cannot expect to go on amid a surplus of foodstuffs with everything at low prices as enjoyed in Canada and the United States and have the
1940: Canada::~Newsprint production in  during April amounted to 268,947 tons compared with 251,279 tons in March.
1940: Predictions of a continued increase in the building of homes dur-dug the second half of 1940 was made recently by Edward A. t+with, Sales Manager of The Heaver Company Ltd., Thorold, Ont. Mr. Smith is shown conferring with one of his Beaver Wall Board dealers over the advertisement, “~Look Forward, Canada,”~ which has created wide comment by its emphasis on the confidence of homeowners in the future of Canada.
1940: Canada::~URGENTLY REQUIRES TRAINED men. capable of maintaining and building aircraft. 's largest Aviation Training School offers courses In Flight Training. Aircraft Mechanics and Aircraft Welding which should assure intelligent. capable men of future in an Industry which will develop Indefinitely; not fade away when, the war is over. Taiok to your future. Full particulars from leavens Brothers. Barker Airport, or Island Airport, Toronto. Phone KEr.xrood 38:1.	______________
1940: Canada::~FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH ORders over 2Or. Roll films developed and 8 prints 26c. Reprints 3c. The quality of our work has kept our customers across  satisfied for over 10 years. Starnaman Co., Weber St. E., Kitchener, Ont.
1940: Canada::~NK&g PAYING GOOD income and with future possibilities. Selling Fn mi lex Products men and women all over  have found the secret of success. Why don't, you get in on it too? NO OBLIGATION. Ask for FREE catalogue describing 200 necessity products and plan.
1940: Canada::~men and women in  to alleviate the sufferings of their kinsmen.
1940: Canada::~The activities of racial groups, stated Mr. Gunn, are rapidly becoming tralized under the guidance of h rench, Norwegian. Belgian and Netherlands ministers to , all of whom have been active in these charitable enter
1940: 3—~	The Minister of Mines and Resources notified the House of Commons that detailed arrangements for the admission of refugee children into Canada had been completed. It is anticipated about 3,000 will arrive in the middle of July and 750 each five days from then up to July 25.
1940: 7—~	War contracts placed to date in Canada exceeded the total of $300,000,000 in value and passed the 20,000 mark in numbers.
1940: Canada::~The war chanties drive in .» stern ° >f the s ;ubm a r ine, pleasing Us P^c trea(me Dr shube says, are mjured by this treatment; oth- But now they're considering all
1940: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  .. $1.50 To 
1940: Canada::Construction of ’~s 92 vessels for the Royal Canadian Navy is pro- j greeting with all possible speed at 16 ( points across Canada. Steam heating IS being installed in ike ships, an innovation expected to cut down colds, | Over 80 per cent.— Shirley Judd, influenza and pneumonia among the Rona Howard, Lyndon Walsh.
1940: Canada:Canada:~*765,562 ; General Motors Products of  Ltd , O.-diawa, Out *272,572 ; General Motors Sales Corporation. Cleveland, U S.A. *766 52 ; Chrysler Corporation of , Ltd., Windsor, Ont., *41,045.
1940: Canada::~that young crows are a delicacy in the Old Country and are becoming popular as a dish here in . We are told that they are to popular in Great Britain that the fish and game stores sell them regularly.
1940: Canada:Canada:~Nine months and ten days after Canada entered the European conflict, the Dominion Government announced plans to mobilize all human and material resources ... for the defence of  . . . conscripting all ablebodied men up to 45 years of age, except those needed for vital industries . . . placing all the lives and property of the people of  at the disposal of the Government.
1940: Canada::~A complete picture of the -to-be in the next couple of months was given by H. R. Armstrong, writing in the Toronto Daily Star: “~Every town and hamlet in Canada will resound to the tread of marching feet when the Dominion’s home defence forces go into training under the oompulory service plan . . Units will be trained in their own localities, in armories, rinks, auditoriums or such other buildings. Huts will be built to house them. The men will be uniformed and will train with rifles and other serv ice weapons. The whole country will be an armed encampment."
1940: Canada::~Many sheep breeders in  are of the opinion that it is practically impossible to raise sheep pro fitably on account of the large number of doge which are allowed to run at large. This they consider ts serious in a country that uses more wool per capita than any other country and which in war-time finds itself under the necessity of importing large quantities of wool for war contracts and for general
1940: Canada::~At the same time that he announced the institution of conscription, Prime Minister Mackenzie King told, the House of Commons of the imminent reorganization of the Government; the establishment of a department of national war service to direct the mobilization of the activities of Canadians in the war effort; increased recruiting for overseas service, with  sending expeditionary forces to Newfoundland, Iceland, the West Indies.
1940: Canada::~While the country awaited the bringing down of the Budget by Finance Minister Ralston, newly-appointed Minister of Defence, it was reported at Ottawa that more than one billion dollars would be required to finance 's ever-expanding war effort for the current fiscal year. This compared with $160,000,000 the Dominion spent in 1915-10, the comparable period of the Great War. In a radio speech to the country, the Finance Minister warned of the impending taxation imposts—financial experts said present taxes would have to be increased at least by one-third.
1940: Canada::~66.000	men of the C. A. S. F. in  and 70,000 more are being recruited as rapidly as possible. The government plans to •~end the second division of 25,000 to 30,000 men to England to aid the mother country. That will leave more than 100,000 fulltime soldiers—infantry, machine-gun battalions, artillery and tank corps—~in Canada for home defence, in addition to such units of the navy and air force as remain in and near the Dominion.
1940: “~Besides that, 40 infantry battalions of the non-permanent militia will be recruited to nearly full strength, to be on call in an emergency. This will give Canada a reserve of 25,000 to 35,000 more for home defence
1940: Canada::~famouM cooking expe Write enclosing a label from any  Starch product to the « .a ada Starch Home Service, Dept. D.u. 49 Wellington St. E., Toronto.
1940: Canada::~The children lire to be sent to  only with the full approval of their parents or guardians. The Dominion Government will use its medical officers and its immigration authorities overseas for examination of the children before sailing. It will take charge of their reception at Canadian ocean ports, and provide transportation and care on route to provincial distribution centres. Welfare organizations in the provinces will co-operate with the Dominion Government in their placementand after supervision.
1940: Canada::~A communication from the Canadian High Commissioner states that about3,000 evacuees will ar* in  about the middle
1940: Canada::~Radio in  has responded readily to the intensification of the wsir effort. The CBC has utilized its networks to bring the news to listeners, and to provide the entertainment essential as a respite from each day's reports of the struggle. And during these arduous months, the CBO has experimented with and developed another urgent service — programmée specially planned to assist Canada’s war effort
1940: Canada::~Of these, "Carry on !" Is broadcast Sunday nights at 9:00 p m. from Toronto studios, and It is produced in co-operation with the Federal Government’s Department of Information.
1940: Mr. Toner served overseas In the last war and on his return, while in hospital, became interested in animals. After graduating from Queen’~s University he worked for the Ontario Game and Fisheries Department for several years as a biologist. A break-down in health caused him to turn to free-lance writing and be has successfully conducted a column on nature for several years In eastern Ontario newspapers. At the present time Mr. Toner to working on diseases of fishes at Queen's University, under a grant from the Fisheries Board of Canada.
1940: Canada::~Col. W. P. Mulock who was recently named by Prime Minister Mackenzie King as the new Postmaster-General of .
1940: Canada:Canada:~While Polish immigration m volume commenced at the end of the last century, history records that when Lord Selkirk arrived with his expedition of Scottish settlers in 1812, some Polish were added to his contingent in Eastern  and proceeded with him to the. Red River Valley, in Manitoba. In noting this fact, the Colonization Department of the Canadian National Railways states that in addition to being excellent farmers the Poles have contributed generously to the upbuilding of Western  by a traditional culture which includes folk songs, dances and â national drama.
1940: Jfrke Brun, Danish Governor, of Greenland, arrived In Boston, Mà~w, early In July for the an-aonnued purpose of arranging more between Greenland and the Wiled States. After completing Bftftottailons in Washington, Governor Brun was said to be coming #0 Canada for the same purpose.
1940: Canada:United States:~Her commerce seriously affected fey the war, Greenland hopee to sell Bar products to  and the " and to purchase supplies, he said.
1940: Canada::~in operation, whereas the original plan had visioned these developments over a two-year period. This has been accom-1940 plished despite the shortage in airplanes which occurred when Great Britain was obliged to stop the Sow of machines to , as had been originally planned.
1940: Canada::~ment placed all explosives in  ' ch the most reliable yet Wesley Hodgins .
1940: Canada::~creation of shell manufacturing facilities .g a rjse ,n temperature from 55 in  now amount approximate- bejow zero centigrade to about 100
1940: Canada::~the Permanent Force, Royal Army Medical Corps Nursing Service, C. A. S F., in . Miss Smellie was born in Port Arthur, Ontario.
1940: Canada::~have recently been well maintained in have been accumulating in .
1940: Canada::~The department of National Defence has announced that employees throughout  who goto Non-Permanent Active Militia Camps or to training centres with the Reserve Militia, will be paid the regular rates for militia service.
1940: Canada::~When Ivortl Baden Powell visited Toronto in 15)513, during i tour of , he toltl eight Wolf Cub flag bearers that if they *v<*r came to London ha would “itynd them a real English tea." The invitation mulled in a near "belt>vo it or not" when six of the group of eight all members of the 48th Highlanders now in Eng land, called /U «the Imperial Boy Scout Headquarter* to enjoy the tea. The Chief Scout himself was absent, In Kniya, but they were entertained ou. Ills behalf by Sir Percy Ever* uty Chief Commissioner.
1940: The business off national registration—a tremendous undertaking —~ Is being looked after by. the newly* created War Services- Department under Hon. J. G. Gardiner, former Minister of Agriculture. The Department will place the results of the registration and survey at the disposal of the government; promote, organize and co-ordinate different forms of voluntary assistance with a view to the most effective use of personal services or material contributions for war or other purposes; co-ordinate existing public information services of the government; make arrangements regarding refugees or other persons brought to Canada by reason of the war; take over the powers or duties of any other government departments, should the occasion be deemed necessary.
1940: Canada::~7.	Nationality or country of allegiance: British subject (a) by birth, (b) by naturalization? (c) Foreign citizen? (d) if naturalized, In what year? (e) In what place? (f) If not British subject, to what country do you owe allegiance? (g) If an immigrant, in what year did you enter ?
1940: England:Canada:~BASIL RATHBONE'S SON A committee working under Dame May Whitty and Boris Karloff has arranged to bring to California 60 children from the British Acvtors' Orphanage in . A special film appeal by Anna Neagle already has raised $100,000 for the Red Cross. Gracie Fields soon will head a group of British celebrities on a tour of  In quest of $600,000 for war relief.
1940: Canada::~About 250 separate construction projects are at present under way in , including coastal defences, fortifications, hangars and submarine defences for harbours and waterways.
1940: Canada::~Montreal,  TMi •*« iwl|«t It l*| •**•!• I* eirw#*l«t *«|ut»IWl
1940: CANADA::~MADE IN -OF CANADIAN WHEAT
1940: Canada::~The object of this registration is to mobilized to enable  to make her maximum effort in
1940: Canada::~(g) If an immigrant, in what year did you enter ?,.-......
1940: “At this time of Empire crisis, k calls on all Canadians to shake off that apathy, to fight it in others, and to join hands in a determined effort to make preventable sickness a thing unknown in the Dominion, to raise the national standard of heatlh and efficiency, and to make it possible for every Canadian man and woman to take a full share in our national war effort”~ so states the Honourable Mr. Justice Riddell, President ' of the Health League of Canada in “A Message to Canadians in Wartime” printed in the current issue of the magazine “Health.”
1940: Mr. Justice Riddell’s message reads: “A few days ago, the Honourable J. Harold Kirby, K.C., Ontario’~s Minister of Health, stated publicly that a concerted health programme at this time is of the first importance if Canada is to prosecute the war efficiently.
1940: “Too much emphasis cannot be laid upon this fact. Annually thousands of dollars are wasted, and thousands of working days lost because of sickness which is •~entirely preventable. This waste must be stopped and this condition rectified. Both money and man-power are needed now for the defence of Canada and the Empire.
1940: “~The Health League of Canada has carried on an active and determined campaign for public health during many years, and has succeeded in accomplishing great things in spite of the apathetic attitude of many of our citizens.”
1940: Canada::~War activity and the construction of buildings for military purposes were largely responsible for the decided increase In contracts awarded for the first seven months of the year throughout .
1940: Canada::~V!00 BORN AGAIN MEN. WOMEN, boys and girls to sell new kind religious mottoes. Made in . Big dividends. Gospel Trumpet. 2837 Dundas W, Toronto. Ontario.
1940: petulant and ridiculous complaint that With three emergency demands de-1 “home guards”~ can be only violators of veloping within the past week, includ- the code of war, to be shot against a mg a request from the Department of wall when captured ? The world has Defence to co-operate in the provision of never witnessed such absured effrontery eight convalescent hospitals in Canada, L8 an appeal»~ by this man, to any code of the Canadian Red Cross Society will war. He, and Germany, of all races,
1940: Canada::~With emergencies of this type calling for our help day after day, it will be ween readily that the Red Cross must have at least $5,000,000 if it is to do the work that the people of  would have it do in relieving suffering caused by enemy onslaught, Canvas sers will start out on September 23rd, and people throughout the country will be urged to give to the utmost, with th* aaeuranee that every dollar contributed to Red Cross will be well spent.
1940: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To .
1940: United States:Canada:~History was made last week in a railway car on a remote country siding near Ogdensburg, N.Y., when the Prime Minister of Canada, Mackenzie King, and the President of the , Franklin D. Roosevelt, met for a four-hour conference and came to an agreement which is one of the most momentous ever recorded in the annals of this hemisphere. Mr. King and Mr. Roosevelt discussed the mutual problems of defense in relation to the safety of  and the U. S., and, following their meeting, issued a statement outlining the three provisions agreed upon: establishment of a joint U.S.-Can-adain board of defense; this board to “commence immediate studies relating to sea, land and air problems, including personnel and material;” plans for considering the defense of the north-half of the western hemisphere. Thus was cemented the closest bond yet set up between the two great democracies in North America.
1940: Canada:United States:~The significance of the new agreement was not likely to be realized in its entirety for many a long day. Political observers meantime saw in it an indication that a mutual assistance pact between  and in the  might be in the making; that the Roosevelt administration intended to blanket the Dominion under the protecting folds of the Monroe doctrine; that the armed forces of the two countries might at a future date be unified under one command.
1940: Ardent movie camera fan. Grade Fields said of Lake Louise. “It’s the grandest bit of water Pve seen.”~ Here she is giving the camera a work-out from the balcony of her suite overlooking the lake, day before her concert at the Banff Springs Hotel in aid of the Navy League of Canada.
1940: Canada::~Revenues from motor vehicle registrations and gasoline taxes in  in 1939 totalled $79,915,492, of which $27,961,132 was from registrations and $61,964,360 from gasoline taxes. In 1938 the total for registrations was $26,230,196 and the gasoline taxes $41,247,688, making a total revenue of $67,477,884.
1940: Canada::~Box 1929, Piece d'Armes, Montreal,  This offer sublect to My thin|i I» *##«""** "*l"-#en$
1940: Canada::~Horn in Fermanagh, Ireland, in 1844, he came to  when 8 years old. He settled in Aldfield township and over thirty years ago became a resident of Clarendon township, residing at Charter-is. In 1883 he married Sarah Palmer, of Yarm, who predeceased him in 1931, He was a member of the Orange Order for 08 years, and a member of the Anglican church.
1940: Canada::~Here is your chance to defend the  you love with the dollars you lend. At the same time you will
1940: Canada::~dollar you invest in 's freedom. Be prepared to
1940: Canada:Canada:~Canada calls again ! While the enemy hammers at the heart of the Empire,  launches her Second War Loan Campaign. The money is needed NOW for planes, troops, tanks, ships, munitions and guns. It is needed to help  win the war — to preserve your freedom. Everything you hold dear is at stake, your home, the future security of your family anti your country. Now
1940: Canada::~By Professor James B. Hedges . . Toronto: The Macmillan Company of .
1940: “This new pledge plan", states the announcement by the Joint National Chairmen,“~ provides any man or woman with an ideal means both of saving money for his own future use at the same time of helping directly in Canada war effort. Most people have found that ic is far easier to make a resolution to invest in War Savings Certificates every month than it is to keep that resolution. By using the new Pledge form the individual overcomes this human weakness, and having signed the pledge knows that regular investment in War Savinge Certificates every month will from then on be automatic.
1940: “~In 1941 Canada will be producing explosives at an annual rate more than twice as great as the entire production of this country in the Great War.” Hon. C. D. Howe.
1940: All the bad little Torrrrys a Last yeai the Fire Demon numbered naughty little Susies prohabî~v un among his victims in Canada 263 men do a much better job of going an-women and children. In 1938, 118 with halos around their heo Is if g children lost their lives by fire, while in en f"aise for their good 1 eha ' 1939, the lives of 73 ef our little ones rather than continual h'nr'p ' were claimed. This is a staggering ad- the r misdeeds, mission and the responsibility for such Not that parents shou'd -rv tragedies can in many cases be laid smooth over a wrong dcirg ?•-* directly to the negligence of parents Miss Alva Anne Owen, e who far too often leave their helpless specialist in child development ?.. infants alone in the house while they parent education. Univers ty of 1 visit neighbours or go to a show. These nois college of agriculture. T. . holocausts frequently occur in rural dis- would mean insulting a child's v. tricts where neighbours are long dis- teliigence, for usually h? kno-tances away and the parents are unable when he has misbehaved and veto reach their burning home in time to izes that his parent knows it a s their children from a horrible However, approval of a child as a
1940: Canada::~lst  takes over six of the | thority. Slapping a child in public
1940: Canada::fifty American over-age destroyers usuaiiy stirs up resentment against transfered to Great Britain in return the adult rather than creating refer the lease of air and naval bases. morse for the deed Humiliation They raise ’~s destroyer strength may be forestalled by as simple a to thirteen and will beigiven names of gesture as giving a child colored rivers common to both the L ni ted giasses to wear if he has been cry-States and Canada.	. ing over some childish difficulty and
1940: Canada::~of  ; Alan M. Mitchell, Chair-	chance cross found in a field of Henman Robert Mitchell Co., Ltd., Montre-1	derson; and Maryland Thick Seed-
1940: Canada::~To enable every man and woman in  to join this “Army of two million regular War Savers” the committee has developed, in collaberation with the chartered banks, a speceal pledge form which will be delivered by mail to 2,500,000 householders from coast to coast. This is one of the largest single mailings ever carried out by the Canadian Postal Service.
1940: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To ...
1940: Anne de Bellevue, Quebec, recently, Jean Charles Harvey, editor of Le Jour, of Montreal, pointed out that the Dominion stood to gain from a literary point of view by welcoming distinguished thinkers and authors who arc compelled to flee from Europe. “The geniuses of an old positcr. “The geniuses of an old world,” he declared, “~by migrating to our borders may become so fond of our country, our freedom, that they may be the expression of our national life. By giving those with eyes to see and minds to understand the chance to benefit by the glories of Canadian nature, Canadian literature would be stimulated into growth and Canada would produce great writers, painters and musicians.”
1940: Canada::~professors in ments of knowledge who have found a domicile in that country.  can make no mistake in - j its doors to scholarly who, because of their inde-
1940: pendence of thought, find m place for their talents in Nazi-dominated countries. There will be a considerable exodus of this type of men from Austria, Czc-cho-Slovakia, •~ Poland, France, and other occupied countries. Since the last war Canada has made very substantial progress in the development of its literature, and every addition should be welcomed.
1940: Canada::~There is no more important crop in  than pasture, and in the light trf the production of nutritious feed during the past summer months, now is the time to make plans to increase its / value.
1940: Canada::~In  we use watches and docks for telling the time, but in Para, Brazil, they rely on rain to check the hours. It rains so regularly in short, heavy showers that people make appointments «after the third shower," or “the fifth shower," and so on. In Hawaii there are similar showers, which are almost invariably localized? People who can see it raining a little way ahead, stop where they are until the rain
1940: Canada::~More Marriages Took Place In  Last Year, Vital Statistics Reports Show
1940: Canada::~Births registered in  during 1939 totalled 229,063, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics reports, compared with 229,446 in 1938.
1940: Canada::~Know your Preserves and Pickles. 100 Assorted Labels 10c. 500 Labels 25c postpaid. Lewis Printing. Station H, Toronto. .
1940: Canada::~Tattoo artists in  are coming into their own as a result of the war.
1940: Canada::~The Klinside Women's Institute will meet at the home of Mr?. Fred Thomas, jr , on Wednesday afternoon, Nov. 13th, at two o'clock. Program  a United Nation. Roll call : - A patriotic quotation. Boxes for overseas will be packed at this meeting.
1940: Canada::~A preliminary estimate places the probable production of light-honey in  for 1940 at 20 per cent lower than the crop of 1939. Decreases in production are evident in four of the main producing provinces, Quebec, Ontario, and Alberta. In Saskatchewan, the average production per hive was lower than in 1939 but this was offset by an increase in the number of producing colonies, with the result that the total crop is likely to be slightly higher than in the previous year. The British Columbia crop is expected to be about 18 per cent larger than in 1939. Similarly* in the Maritime Provinces, production is reported to be higher than in 1939, particularly in New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island where the crop is practically double that of 1939.
1940: Canada::~Brigadier H. O. Brownfield will eommand the artillery of the Third Division which is currently slated for the defence of 's east coast.
1940: Canada::~Apple growing is the mainstay of the fruit industry of , the value of commercial production averaging about $10,000,00(1 annually.
1940: Canada::~The contest to the south of us doubtless drew a great deal more attention than It was worth. The outcome could not matter very mato  — nor to Great
1940: The coming winter will not see the defeat of Great Britain, Sir Norman Angell, well-known English economist declared In an Interview at Boston last week. The destruction caused by air raids on Great Britain during the winter, he felt would be offset by assistance from oversees —~ from Canada, the United States, Australia and India.
1940: Canada:Japan:~Wherefore prompt action at Ottawa seems to be demanded. It would be the height of foolishness tor  to continue to feed  with material which might be used against her.
1940: "Why are you such improvident wheat miners,” the Lethbridge Herald says that the East asks In effect of the Western prattle farmers, “and why don't you raise more stock and why generally don’t you go in more for mixed farming?”~ The answer of the Lethbridge paper is that the Alberta farmer, at any rate, is not merely pot an excluelve wheat man but that be actually, In proportion, raises far more hogs than Ontario docs. The relevant comparison is that Alberta, with a population of 100,000, raised 1,371,000 hogs last year while Ontario, with a population of 3,000,000, raised 1,997,000. The Lethbridge Herald insists that It is hasty assumption that Alberta eould relieve the present glut of Canadian wheat by feeding 100 million bushels of wheat to hogs and raising 6,000,000 hogs. The trouble is that It would be Just as hard for Canada to market 6,000,000 hogs as it is for Canada to market 600 million bushels of wheat.
1940: Canada::~Eat Crown Brand dolly. IPs 's greatest energy
1940: The Crown Brand Motto— printed i n colour» ; Crown i* Brand "Book of Magic". Æ^|> “~Book of Riddles and many Sport Books. ALL FREE. Send in a Crown mg Brand or any Canada Starch Wj Label. One LABELfor EACH W. ITEM. Address: The Canada Y Starch Company limited, Dept. 1 I.N 19 Wellington St E., Toronto, ^
1940: CANADA::~THE  STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
1940: Try getting rid of that early morning grouch by keeping "regular”. It can be so simple when you start the day right, eating Kellogg’s All-Bran (in muffins or as a cereal) for breakfast every morning! Your doctor will tell you common constipation is usually due to lack of intestinal bulk. Kellogg’s All-Bran supplies this needed bulk and also the intestinal tonic vitamin Bt. Order a package today. At your grocer’s, in two convenient sizes. Made by Kellogg’~s in London, Canada.
1940: Canada:Canada:~essential for  as a war measure the rural districts would co-operate in that as in everything else, ao why not have Dry-light Saving Time from one end of  to the other for tie duration of the war?
1940: Canada::~I  last week was prepav-I ing not only the largest national I budget in its history, but an expenditure far larger than anyone I would have considered possible I a year ago. While Parliament, I continued to debate in general! itàfs the Government’s future I war policies, the Finance Minister I and his assistants were busy I framing appropriations which I might total something like $2,000,000,000 . . .
1940: Canada::~There was every indication that storage egg stocks in  the lowest on record.
1940: Canada:Japan:~If  can cut off exports of copper to , she ought also be able to do something about reducing that country's imports of other metals from the Dominion, including the 4,000 tons of lead that are going forward from a smelter at Trail, B.C.
1940: Canada::~Larfc week 's Naval Minis.er Angus L. Macdonald announced the Dominion’~s new naval policy. Destroyers, perhaps cruisers, Mr. Macdonald declared, would be built in Canadian yards; more merchant vessels turned out; a Canadian Naval College immediately established to train skilled seamen. Canada was indeed preparing to assume a larger burden of naval service.
1940: Canada::~Announcement to the effect that  had contracted to supply Britain with $105,741,000 worth of food in the coming year, exclusive cf wheat, was made in the House of Commons by Minister of Agriculture Gardiner ... Cheering news; but not at all pleasing for Canadian hog producers who had to shoulder a 2c-a-lb. drop in the price of bacon . . . H. H. Hannan, president of the Canadian Federation of Agricul-
1940: Canada::~There has throughout all these years of controversy been one universal opinion, and that is the Federal Government should either declare Daylight Saving or Standard Time, the one and only time for . The people as a whole are tired of this recurving confusion, and the difference of an hour in time between
1940: Canada::~the  fsj Starch Home »Ser-fiW vice Dept., headed mm by Mrs Ait ken, Y famous Cooking Authority, in a valuable Booklet entitled “52 Desserts”~. Write lor your FREK copy now enclosing a Crown Brand laliel. to Canada Starch Home Service Dept Wellington Street East, Toronto.
1940: CANADA::~THE  STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
1940: Mrs. A. M. Oliver, wife of »~ Manchester, England, university professor, said at a welfare meeting in Toronto recently that before coming to this country hei “~whole picture of Canada was very much like a map of the Arctic before it was properly discovered.” She urged Canadians who have British evacuee children in their homes to send the children’s parents postcards, snapshots or anything depicting Canadian life to show the children are living in a civilized atmosphere and not a barren wilderness.
1940: Canada::Tweeds and leathers as English ns a cvp of tea have caught the approving eye of both ’~s and United States' biggest buyers. Again, the metal nail heads are worked in patterns on belts, gloves
1940: Canada::~The Town of Mount Royal, adjacent to Montreal, which has a highly organized and efficient Civilian Protection Committee, held a practice blackout the other night. Every light in the community was quenched, except three which, unnoticed at ground level, were spotted by pilots of Trans- Air Lines planes passing over. They reported the chinks in Mount Royal's armor of dark-
1940: Canada:Canada:~j Dialing with scientific and industrial | research ill , the 1040  | Year Bonk says with reference to the | Dominion Department of Agriculture that since the beginning of the 20th century there has been a remarkable change in the relation of the farmer to the. scientist. The scientist has taken his, critical methods to the fields ; the far j mer has brqught his problems to the laboratory. To apply the law of science to the practices of agriculture is the I function of the research and experimental laborities of the Department. Trained specialists are continuously at work carrying research projects through ions stages of analysis in the laboratory and through testing in controlled conditions in the stable, greenhouse, and experimental plot. Finally, the products of research are tested under practical farming conditions throughout the areas concerned.
1940: Canada::~prices of Feeds and Fork, when the proper Feeding Methods are used,  Fackrrs, in cooperation with the many mills which manulactuie Suva Gain Feeds for tlivni, are making a drive to attract the attention of every feeder in bettering his own lot by showing him how to raise hogs tor less money. With this object in view, we oiler the following completely balanced SllVR-tiAIN heeds at that mean real savings and give genuine
1940: 7—~	Sir William Glasgow, Australian High Commissioner, pins wings on first group of Australians to graduate ill Canada under British Commonwealth Air Training Plan.
1940: Canada::~Minutes of former meeting read, and unless it is for the defence of .	comprise the only company produc-
1940: Canada::~There is a new guide on the market which consists of road meps for every state in the Union; for every province in , Mexico and for 48 cities that is less bulky than a monthly magazine. This guide also contains a section food and lodging, a list of principal places of interest along each route and a complete in dex of cities and counties, with population.
1940: Canada::~For your convenience there is a SAVINGS DEPARTMENT at each of our branches in .
1940: Canada::~Of course, when you are looking on at a cricket match, you are not supposed to shout and yell the way TH I we do over baseball on our side of the water in  and in the __ States. All you do is to say every now and then, “Oh, very pretty, sir, . | very pretty!M You are speaking to the batsman, who is about 200 yards away and can’t hear you. But that doesn't matter; you keep right on: “Oh, well done, sir, well done.”
1940: Canada::~The marketed value of canned fish produced in  ta 1939 was $15,449,000.
1940: Canada:Canada:~Mayor Fiore lia L. La Guardia, of New York, and Col. O. M. Biggar, K.C., United States and Canadian chairman, respectively, of the permanent board on defence, are shown as they mounted the city hall steps at Vancouver, where the joint board held a conference during its tour of the U.S.- Pacific coast. On hand to greet them was Dr. H. L. Keenleyside, joint secretary of the board fer , shown with back to camera.
1940: England:England:~When the Canadian troops in  were questioned as to what Canadian radio program they would like to hear in , one of the first programs they mentioned was the “~Happy Gang." This is proof of the appeal of this completely happy and generally screwball session with Bert Pearl, Kathleen Stokes and the rest of the happy crew. We think it's a good sign that Canadians still get a laugh out of sheer nonsense and long as Canada's soldiers can laugh, this Dominion need have no fear. It will take more than Hitler to make Canada's warriors lose their sense of humour. The “Happy
1940: Canada::~J. J. Kearney, recently retired from service as train conductor for the Canadian National Railways terminating 44 years employment with the company, once had in his train a special car carrying Admiral Richard Byrd and his associates returning through  from an exploration journey within the Arctic Circle. There was a protest from the Admiral’s car, they wanted ‘'some heat”. Immediately, there was a demand that the porter get busy, hut that functionary was the most amazed man on the train. "Boss,” he exclaimed' to Mr. Kearney, “That carload of gentle J men have come all the way from the North Pole and I've been doing everything possible to keep that car cool for them.”
1940: Boating does not come to an end with the beginning of winter •~u Vancouver Island, Canada's Evergreen Playground. These visitors le the Empress Hotel at Victoria, B.C., find the mild climate permits enjoyable canoeing even in wintertime.	—C.P.R. Photo.
1940: "I’m glad to know that,” she said. "I’~ve heard that winters in Canada are terribly severe.”
1940: Canada::~The editorial commends a recent statement of Hon. Harold Kirby, Minister of Health for Ontario, who called attention to the importance of a concerted health program if  is to prosecute the war efficiently.
1940: Today, with a war on, the editorial staler, medical examination of Candaa’~s young men is proceeding apace. Every doctor m Canada is a medical examiner to be paid by the government.
1941: Canada:usa:~Though the world is at war,  still has a prosperous tourist trade, and this summer thonds travelled 2,200 miles north to the romantic Hudson Bay area, where stand the modern mining plants at the town of Flin Flon. One of the many attractions is the Aurora Borealis, while white whale hunting is another. White whales weigh about half a ton, and swim at about twenty-five miles an hour. Tourists hunt them in twenty-foot motor-driven canoes, with harpoons thrown by hand. Great
1941: Canada:Canada:~Progress In Indian handicraft industries on reserves In Eastern  is reported by the Indian Affairs Branch, Department of Mines and Resources. Many traditional arts and crafts have been revived, and the sales of their handicraft products are tending to make the Indian people more selfsupporting. As a step towards the extension of these home Industries among the Indians of Western , six Indian workers from Ontario and Quebec are at present taking part In a demonstration of Indian handicraft at the Winnipeg
1941: CANADA::~Immediate Remittance  COMFORTER CO. 7.16 Dundaw St. E.
1941: Canada::~Commissioner Benjamin ames, territorial commander of the Salvation Army for , Alaska, Newfoundland and Bermuda, who sails from New York Feb. 6th for his annual inspection of the Bermuda area- Commissioner 0rames expects to return to New York on Feb. 20:h.
1941: Canada::~Production of motor vehicles in  during the first ten months of 1940 totalled 176,99» units, including 87,669 passenger cars end vehicles.
1941: Canada::~in the eradication of bovine tuberculosis in , the health of Animals Division, Dominion Department of Agriculture, continued its work on a large scale during the year endod Public Notice is hereby given by Bar- March 31, 1940. Altogether 1,674,891 and C. Rownt, the undersigned, Pres- tuberclin tests were conducted, 1,000,000 dent of the Election, jhat	being under the Area Plan ; 292,902
1941: Canada::~ately upon return to town after long I Electors of the aforsaid Municipality, And 923,691 under the Supervised Herd trips, many repairs that otherwise qualified to vote at the election of Plan. Approximately 43 per cent of might become serious could be Mayor for the aforsaid Municipality, *11 the cattle in  are under sup-f	in time and at far less cost, will be held at Hynes Hall, in the said ervision and have been tested. There
1941: Canada:United States:~Anywhere in  To 
1941: Canada::~Material made by one company in Ontario from pure Canadian wool of the grades required had an official test of 602 pounds in the weft and woof. This constitutes a record in manufacture. Canadian sailors will have pride in knowing that such material was made from wool from western .
1941: Canada::~of the after-war fall on  there will be an up-to-date constitution to help Ontario and the Dominion as a whole carry the
1941: Canada::~A United  |
1941: Canada:Canada:~And  is no exception. ’~s part in the war can only be gauged according to its full effort. And the only really effective effort is a united one. Where then does Canada stand ? In spirit it is united behind the But ie the unity in every aspect so necessary for the full prosecution of the war against
1941: Canada::~week will enable  to better
1941: Canada::~First of all the war must be won, and it will be by uniting and affectively utilizing its full power that  can play its part.
1941: Canada::~Stewart-Werner-Atemlte Cerp. el , Limited, Belleville, Ont.
1941: Canada::~Governor-Generalship of , that Lord Tweedsmuir was working quietly at this book which it his intention to publish immed-his retirement. One
1941: Canada::~As a contribution toward 's effort in the empire’s battle against the forces of oppression, Canadian Broadcasting Industry will present a number of special programs during the coming month over a nation-wide network. This series will be heard on Friday evenings at 9.00. The series will be composed of variety programs and " feature productions, including vocal and instrumental stais as well as comedy
1941: England:Canada:~The Right Rev. Archibald Lang Fleming, bishop of the Arctic of the Church of  in , pictured in the rector’s study of the Grace Epicopal church in New York. The bishop, whose dio-
1941: Canada::~cese covers miles of Arctic , arrived in New York from Toronto. Bishop Fleming’s cathedral is All Saints' cathedral in Aklavik, a settlement the Mackenzie river about fifty miles below the Arctic ocean and near Alaska. x
1941: Canada::~Since Residents of Central And Eastern  Can't Go South, They Go West
1941: Canada:United States:~Many hundreds of residents of Eastern and Central  who annually head south when the cold weather sets in, will have to seek a winter resort at home because of the restrictions on travel to the  necessitated by war conditions. In view of these circumstances, reports received by the Canadian National Railways indicate that the trend of travel this winter is now westward to the Pacific
1941: Canada::~He said the board has authority to set rentals anywhere in , although rentals committees have been set up only in areas principally affected by rentals increases
1941: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information Sent free. The Ramsay Co., Registered, Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street. Ottawa, .
1941: Canada::~1 y. Full or spare time. Book orders for 's fiuest trees, plants.
1941: Canada::~I would also like to express my sincere sorrow of the sad and untimely death of the Honorable Gordon Scott, a Member of the Legislative Council, who sat in this House as Treasurer of the Province; a great loss to-the Province and to the whole of  who lost his life while ever ready to do j his duty to his Country, a man who, took the risks of the enemy raids on the Seas, chancing his life to help save you and me ; truly a great loss to the proof Quebec and to the Dominion
1941: Canada::~paid out in  last year, figures in the report show, the com panes paid out
1941: Canada::~3 13 our Dominion of , as well as the | Municipality ok Shawvillb 98 stand that I he President of that great 7 23 Republic has taken, with respect to as-1	^	LaW 12* known
1941: Canada::~only by hard work and frugal living ... by LENDING all I can to  ... can I do my part to help to win the war and establish our future security.
1941: Canada::~Kadio receiving licenses Issued in  to the end of November, during the current fiscal ywr totalled 1,355,711 as against 1,345,167 on March 31, the end of the fiscal year 1539-40.
1941: Canada::~Premier Mitchell F. Hepburn of Ontario, the figure who best represents the forces in  who want to build up the power of the Provinces, weakening the of the Dominion Govern-
1941: Canada::~Bank of  issue new rency (approximately $480,000,000) to take care of the increasing needs of wartime and that the 3 per cent scale of war borrowing be abolished. On top of this he spiked every rumor current about the country that there would be an election in Ontario this year.
1941: It wae a "shocked and dramatic”~ silence which greeted the close of Finance Minister's Haley's speech in the House of Commons last week on Canada's war costs. Never before had any Canadian legislative body been asked to approve expenditure of suoh a sum—$$.700,• 000,000 for the coming fiscal year— almost two-thirds of which would go towards paying for the war. This colossal outlay, Mr. Ilaley Intimated. represented devoting half our national income to war and other governmental work ($225 for every man, woman and child In the Dominion). "To carry out the war program," he said, "will require for many of us drastic changes in our mode of living and habits of life.” Critics of the war effort continued to feel that expenditures for governmental purposes could be much more substantially cut.
1941: Canada::~Ontario has a share in the history of French  through the attempt of Champlain to form a protectorate in the land of the Hurons (the Georgian Bay district) Franklin Davey McDowell author of ‘The Champlain Road" pointed out in an address last week to the Montreal Women’s Club. The building of Fort Ste. Marie, near where Midland is now, two years before Ville Marie was founded, was a stroke of statecraft on the part of Champlain that approached genius, Mr. McDowell declared. Built some 700 miles inland, the fort was intended as a base from which the Hurons could invade the Iroquois country while the
1941: ”1 have known for many years the value of the work you have doing,” Mr. Dolan said. "No mAfi |§~ better known and none mere highly regarded than Jack Miner. I desire to pay you public tribute tonight for the work which you have done to make Canada known throughout the whole of North America. You were at work on this business of tourist promotion long before I was thought of and I consider your work in conservation to he among the greatest performed anywhere on globe/'
1941: Canada::~The speaker told his listeners there are 11,900 blind persons registered with his organization, 30 of whom are more than 100 years old, and added that the institute extends its servieto every blind persqp in , from the youngest to the oldest.
1941: England:France:~Frederick Grant Banting was born at Alliston, Ont., Nov. 4 1891, a son of William Thompson Banting. He received his early education in his home town, attended Victoria College, Toronto in 1917. He enlisted in the Canadian Expeditknary Force and served in Canada,  and , finally, in 1918 Ontario and Quebec are getting ready medical officer of the 44th Batallion, toreç~eive, what is hoped, a large num-he was severely wounded in one arm at ber of visitors from south ot the border. Cambrai, where he was awarded the Advertising in leading j>eriodicals in Military Cross, and was invalided to United States, Ontario holds forth the England with blood poisoning.	fact that she has no taxes on meals, no
1941: Canada::~T. J. McCabe of Toronto, president of the Canadian Thoroughbred Horse Society, said in bis report at the annual meeting of the society that  ia "unfortunately lacking ilPgood brood mares."
1941: United States:United States:~British bloodstock breeders had been asked in the past year to send their prime bloodstock to Canada and  to prevent possible injury during wartime, and that small shipments had been made to the . He said "shipping facilities, climatic conditions and various other reasons" given by British breeders in declining to send their stock here.
1941: jubilee of its birth in ruary, completing six c public service during which time it developed into the world «~ greatest privately owned transportation system, a closely knit organization with transportation and communication services or affiliations throughout the world. Has Steamships, Hotels, T The Canadian Pacific Railway now has 17,169 miles of line, 5i> ocean, coastal and lake steamships, a cross-country chain of hotels and summer camps and lodges, 1,767 locomotives and 82,714 pieces of rolling stock and stations, shops and other property and equipment representing an investment of more than one billion dolars. For 60 years the Dominion of Canada and the Canadian Pacific Railway have aided and shared in each others development. In this period the population of Canada increased from 4,324,810 to an estimated 11,316,000 while the total of the export and import trade increased from $174,483,030 to $&260,904,000 in 1939, the last year
1941: Canada::~neys. 's largest Horse Breeding establishment offer—100
1941: Canada::~Passengers carried by aircraft in  during third quarter of 1940 total _ 53,604 as against 37,866 in tfce second quarter of the year.
1941: Canada::~The flour milling industry of  has a capacity to produce whatever flour may be needed to satisfy the demands of the war. Even if the industry work ed only- at 75 per cent of it’~s capacity, over 27,000.000 barrels of flour could be produced. This would allow for an export of 17,000,000 barrels every year, a figure several millions above the average export. The Canadian milling industry has been meeting the requirements of Canada for more than 300 years.
1941: on the passenger train, i«~rth,| Although Canada has been aWr Brun Sisters, Phyllis Creore, Ade-head. injuries ; D.	to give unstinting aid to British laide Hawly and many others, all.
1941: Canada::~In  the big news of the week was the signing, after 39 years of negotiation between the U. S. and the Dominion, of an agreement ' for joint development of the' St. Lawrence as a seaway and power project. The pact set the stage for Ontario and New York state each to get 1,000,000 horsepower of electric power, and ultimately for an ocean route from the head of the Great Lakes to the Atlantic. The project will, of course, have to be ratified by both the Canadian parliament and U. S.
1941: Canada::~I was reading a book the other day, written in 1800 by Isaac Weld. This gentleman toured  between 1796 and 1797 and described the conditions of life in some parts of Ontario. He mentions dining at a friend’s home, in Kingston, where they had a saddle of venison and a fifteen pound salmon from Lake I Ontario as the main course. The part that rather pleased me was &e statement that both the veni- I son and the salmon were bought from an Indian for a bottle of ram and a loaf of bread. Game and fish must have been plentiful but apparently only twenty years later regulatory laws were needed as I have shown above.
1941: Canada::~The field has an ever greater national significance, he added, for from it is mined more than 40 per cent, of the coal produced in , and 22 per cent, of all the bituminous coal consumed in the Dominion.
1941: Canada::~Civil Service Clerks Coming to Ottawa From All Over  Have to Do Close Corner-Cutting With Their Small Salaries
1941: Canada::~How to manage in the wartime capital of  on $55.80 a month, the net salary—~national defence tax paid manent Grade 1 clerks in the civil service is the big headache for hundreds of girls from all parts of Canada writes Gladys Arnold.
1941: Canada::~Nothing a month for diversion, debt or doctors is the way the majority of these all-across-country daughters of  have solved the problem according to Miss E. M. Tyhurst, general secretary for the Y.W.C.A., who has dealt with hundreds of them in the past 15 months.
1941: Just take a label from a Ho of CROWN SYllUP—~'write on the back your name and address and the title of the picture you want . . . <1 label for each picture.) Mail the label to J5. The Canada Starch
1941: Canada::~Sliur-Gnin Chick Starter was the most popular brand in  last year, results'it promises to surpass last year’s s
1941: Mr. Mulock, In answer to a question put by Gordon B. Is nor, Liberal, Halifax, said: “~I have pleasure in stating that the Trans-Canada air mall service will be extended on or about April 15 from the former eastern terminal at Moncton, N.B., to Halifax, and that the frequency of service between Montreal, Moncton and Halifax will be Increased to two round trips dally Including Sunday.
1941: Canada::~Newsprint production In  for the year 1940 aggregated 8,418,803 tons, an increase of 549,537 tons over 1939.
1941: Canada::~All stations in , the Un- I Red States, Mexico and Cuba, are involved in the complicated tech- I nical operations which will place I nearly 800 stations on new wave lengths at the end of March. Tun- I ing circuits and antennae must be I adjusted to the new frequencies. I Many other intricate operations I are necessary in order that the I listeners may receive the full bene- I fit of the change-over.	I
1941: Canada::~All purchases of the Government of Greenland, Island colony of Nazi-occupied Denmark, will be made in , it has been announced by Albrecht Fischer, a representative in New York of the Greenland Government.
1941: Mr. Fischer, returning to New York after conferring with Dominion Government officials at Ottawa, announced also the appoint»~ ment of the Aluminum Company of Canada Limited as purchasing agente for Greenland, which is governed by two Danes, Eske Brun and Axsel Svane.
1941: Canada:United States:~Automobiles entering  for touring purposes during 1940 totalled 3,405,537. Canadian automobiles touring in the  in 1940 totalled 589,553.
1941: Canada::~ARE YOU ON THE RIGHT TRACK. Your opportunity of profits at the close of the Season depends on the Quality of chicks you select at the beginning. Tweddle haa a reputation all over  for producing High Quality Government Approved Chicks from blood-tested breeders. 16 Pure breeds. 8 Hybrid crosses to choose from. Four breeds of turkeya. Started Chicks. Older Pullets. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
1941: Canada::~The number of hogs on farms in  at December 1. J940, was the highest ever recorded, the total b > ng (>,117,200. an increase of 28 per cent over the number leported on the corresponding date in 1989*
1941: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent free. The Itomsay Co.. Registered, Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street. Ottawa. .
1941: “ The wholesome use of leisure and the satisfaction of personal needs are problems which do not lend themselves to being solved effectively through the complex and highly specialized mechanism of military proceedure. ” lie pointed out, adding, “ it is in this field of useful and constructive effort that the great Canadian social and welfare organizations have '•’~ought and found their opportun* ity for useful service, and it is through them that the people of Canada can give expression to their thoughtfulness and goodwill for their fellow citizens in the armed forces overseas and yet in
1941: Canada::~i to express the | .
1941: 1—~	Canada's Land Army.
1941: Canada::~Women workers of the Quebec Provincial Division, the Canadian Red Cross Society, are receiving words ot appreciation from the men in 's navy for the supplies of clothing provided, not only by themselves, but the women throughout the Dominion. Let ters expressing this appreciation have been received at Red Cross House in Montreal.
1941: Canada::~the bond between the peoples of the Empire in the face of a coru-dunger. Please convey the thanks of the men on this ship to your colleagues in , and may our own efforts bring us a speedy victory. *'
1941: Canada:France:~One suggestion Miss Willkie made was that Canadian wines should be given breathe the spirit of  instead of recalling old . French wine, never
1941: Canada::~thinks, can be made in  and between Canadian
1941: “Fanny by Gaslight”~ ... by Michael Sadleir . . . Toronto: Macmillan Company of Canada . . . $2.76.
1941: Get KELLOGG’S ALL-BRAN! Available in two convenient eizrs at all grocers'! Made by Kellogg’~* in London, Canada.
1941: Canada::~On their own testimony, British Columbians are healthier than residents of any other part of .
1941: Canada::~The  Starch Home Service Department, a hflpful service, offers a wide range valuable
1941: cooking and other Booklets FREE. Write now for the booklet rakes"—~a cake recipe for every week in the year:* Send a Crown Brand label to: Canada Staevh Home Service. Dept. J.4, 49 Wellington Street East, Toronto.
1941: CANADA::~THE  STARCH COMPANY TlMlfED
1941: Canada::~tinue xuth that crop and even to en- tions and conditions attached thereto, large it. Quebec is now the best sec- When the amount of a tender exceeds tion in  for canning corn and the sum of 85,000 00—whether it be this means a fair return to hundreds of lor one building. only, or more—the
1941: Canada::~interest by the Dominion of , or the aforementioned bonds and a certified cheque, if required to make up an odd amount.
1941: Canada::~ACT NOW!  needs ALL you and lend. There are three
1941: Canada::~Standardization of gasoline is being placed in effect from coast to coast in , G. R. Cott-relle, Dominion oil controller, said in a recent interview at Calgary.
1941: Canada::~Of the 18,700,000 chicks produced in  in 1940 under the Dominion Poultry Breeding Program, more than 3,400,000 were R.O.P. (Record of Performance) sired. Preliminary reports in 1941 show an even stronger trend towards the use of R.O.P. males to head commercial hatchery flocks.
1941: that’s packed into the 1941 Ford ! It’~s the lowest priced car you can buy in Canada. It s the longest inside. It has the greatest total seating width. You get extra knee-room and front head-room. Wider doors!
1941: Canada::~Those who can assist by supply ing the program of the XVar Fund Effort are requested to report their willingness to the committee as soon as possible The Department of Defence ot  are supplying a platoon, pipe band and an army ambulance
1941: Canada::~In most parts of  it is still quite possible to have a good vegetable garden even from seeds. It is not a bit too early for melons. cucumbers, squash and medium and late corn, potatoes, beans, carrots and beets; with well started husky plants, purchased from the nearest seed store or greenhouse, one can set out a whole garden with tomatoes, peppers, cabbage and celery. To catch up with this late gardening it is advisable to cultivate frequently, water during dry weather, and to hurry along with a few applications of good chemical fertilizer, especially any newly set out plants, applied close to but not actually touching the plants or its roots.
1941: Canada::~It might be just as well for the listeners in Eastern  to get used to hearing Woodhouse and Hawkins’ real names. In Winnipeg they are in the directory as Art E. McGregor and Frank J. Deaville. Soon they will be listed at their new address in the same way. But they will be using Woodhouse and Hawkins most when they are heard on the air with “Marching in Swingtime.”
1941: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay, Co., Registered, Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street, Ottawa, .
1941: DECORATE WITH "NU-WALL" —~ The economical paint for walls and ceilings. Your hardware or paint store will gladly show you the attractive shades and tell you all about it. NU-WALL Limited, Leaside, (Toronto) Canada.________
1941: Canada::~Unemployment Insurance becomes actuality in  from July fii>t.
1941: Canada::~This, briefly, is the Unemployment Insurance Man which becomes a law of , just as it has been a law in Great Britain for more than thirty years.
1941: You’~ll feel like a million dollars the minute you step out in that fine new uniform now ready for you. You'll be among men, a vital cog in Canada's great mobile war machine.
1941: Canada::~The Canadian Active Army requires Engineers, Signals, Armoured Cars, Tanks, Infantry, Transport and Supply, Medical and Ordnance and oilier branches of the Service. The Army is prepared to teac h many trades and to train you to efficiently handle 's weapons of war.
1941: Canada:Canada:~Principal and interest will be payable In lawful money of Canada; the principal at any agency of the Bank of  and the interest semi-annually, without charge, at any branch in  of any Chartered dank.
1941: Canada::~R. T Kelley, guest at the closing luncheon meeting, spoke of the Importance of restoring purchasing power to the farmer as a means of making  prosperous. He referred to the important place of •mall communities in the life of the Dominion, and thought if immigration increased it would be more advantageous to the new arrivals if they settled in the smaller centres.
1941: Control of output and the number of automobiles that may be •~old during 1941 ie baaed upon the foreign currency requirements of each particular model. While the total foreign currency requirements of each manufacturer will be reduced by 20 per cent, the number of automobiles that may be built In Canada will not necessarily be reduced by a similar amount as the manufacturer may choose to produce "economy" cars which have Individually & low foreign currency content.
1941: If you have been dosing yourself with harsh cathartics, try ALLBRAN s "Better Way". Eat it every day and drink plenty of water. But remember this crisp, delicious cereal doesn’t work like purgatives ... it takes time. Get ALL-BRAN at your grocer’s, in two convenient sizes, or in individual serving packages at restaurants. Made by Kellogg’~s in London, Canada.
1941: Canada::~The new loan will be the third and largest war loan in  since hostilities opened.
1941: Canada::~Church bells are ringing throughout  calling men and women to worship and sacrifice in defence of our freedom, the sanctity of our homes and the future of our children.
1941: Canada::~stream of recruits pouring into the Army in .
1941: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full information sent free. The Ramsays Co., Registered, Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street, Ottawa, .
1941: Well made, full sized, work pants. They long because they’~re made to fit. famous Goodhue make, pants in Canada.
1941: Canada::~We have seen how mountain building and tearing down go on side by side. Sometimes the tearing down is fast as when glaciers do the work. The ice acts as a great rasp, cutting valleys and leveling hills, as it slides outward or downward. Glaciers are responsible for the shape of most of the countryside of Ontario. Five times in the last million years continental glaciers have formed in northern  and spread optward.
1941: Canada::~Further enlargement of 's fast-expanding reindeer Industry j was disclosed recently by the Department of Mines and Resources, j
1941: Canada::~Newsprint production in  in the first four months of 1941 totalled 1,062,670 tons compared with 1,003,081 tons in the corresponding period of 1940.
1941: Total Was Much Higher In 1940—~Toll For Canada Larg-in Fifteen-Year Period— 746 Die in Ontario
1941: “~The number of deaths and the death rate were the highest recorded during the period 1926-40 for which figures for all provinces of Canada have been compiled by the Bureau,” th ereport said.
1941: United States:Canada:~Changes in the foreign trade policies of the  government on cotton were being urged in some official quarters last week as a result of sharp losses In foreign markets, particularly  and other countries not cut off by the war.
1941: Canada::~The following list of driving tips has been compiled by C. E. McTavish. Director of Parts and Service, General Motors Products of  Lontted, after consultation with General Motors engineers and service experts hints are offered by Mr. McTavish to Canadian motoring public, with Mr. Me Tavish’s comment that a tnaxium of economy is built into the modern automobile but that there are certain things that the motorist himself must do to eliminate avoidable waste of gasoline and oil.
1941: Those faces identify two of radio’s most popular voices and personalities — and they in turn identify the personnel of Canada1» most popular program. The boys in question are Hugh Bartlett and Bob Farnon — dressed in — well, your guess is as good as mine. The program — of course, it’s the Happy Gang —~ and the announcement of their return to the air waves is news to practically every owner of a radio in Canada — and return they do on Monday, September first at their usual time, 1.00 0 clock LOST. CKOC11 privileged to be among the stations that this year will bring you the daily
1941: Canada::~Do you know the really big war Job you are going to do when you get behind 's special coast to-coast drive for aluminum? The chart which you see elsewhere on this page should recruit you, right down to the last old pot and pan you can dig up around your kit-ohen or find lying in disuse out in the back shed.
1941: Canada::~Each one of the modern made in- fighting planes needs 4,000 pounds of aluminum. Each of the big bombers needs 28,000 pounds. Your latest war job will be to help supply some of that metal.
1941: Canada::~In peace time  put millions of pounds of aluminum into automobiles, electrical equipment, sports equipment, wire, railway kitchen utensils, buildings,
1941: “We must close this gap as much as we can,” say officials of the Department of National War Services, which Is sponsoring the drive. “~And one way to do It Is to rescue the secondary aluminum metal used In peace time manufacture of household articles. That secondary metal lies all over Canada In small deposits In housewives' kitchens, In basements, in back sheds. It takes the form of old, broken, discarded aluminum articles of all kinds, which can be found In varying quantities in almost every Canadian home. The country's war program needs that metal. Give It to the big drive.”
1941: United States:Canada:~"Americans have found it Just as simple to pass from one country to another as to cross a State line. In the north, east, west and along the border thousands and thousands of  car* are rolling along. ’s travel business, one of our most important sources of income, has returned to normal and gone beyond that point.
1941: United States:United States:~The millions of dollars spent by American tourists In Canada are rapidly returned to the  for the purchase of war materials to help us win across the seas, and for many peacetime essentials that Canadians have always bought from . Perhaps no where else in the world is such fair international exchange enjoyed, with so many common benefits to both countries and their people.	j
1941: Canada::~More Mileage, -mail for quick Information! ents, writs for territory. Dept Box 163, Vancouver, .
1941: Canada::~25c postpaid. Lewis Prin Station H, Toronto, .
1941: Half-Tycoon, half-kobold, Lord Beaverbrook la a strange man to b# in charge of getting "the tools” into the hands of British soldiers and civilians. . . . He kn’t even British, but the son of a poor Presbyterian minister who •~migrated to Canada from Scotland ... in Ontario William Maxwell ("Max") Aitken was
1941: Canada:Canada:~New developments in  are making Dominion citizens more and more alive to the truth that this modern world war knows no front line. There are phases of this war which must be fought within the borders of — and must be won here. Canadians are discovering that they can take part in active warfare even while carrying out their ordinary civilian lives.
1941: Canada::~Howitzer field guns, such as the one shown here being manned by a group of artillerymen at Peta-wawa training camp, are wicked weapons in the hands of experts. To these soldiers, here equipped with gas respirators, constant rehearsals have made the gun familiar and simple in operation. To-day  is calling for recruits to man guns like this and train their threatening muzzles toward those who would destroy our way of life.
1941: For the past eight weeks this column has been on the geology of Ontario. It has been a very general sketch of the rocks and their formations, just enough to understand some of our problems of natural history. Those of my readers who wish to know more eannot do better than read Coleman and Parks’~ "Geology of Canada.” This came out in 1923 but la still the best elementary text that we have.
1941: Canada::~KELLOGG S ALL BRAN helps packages or in individual serving you get at the cause of constipa- packages at restaurants. Made by tion due to lack of the right kind Kellogg's in London, .
1941: “~Economic Conditions in Canada | before enlisting last September
1941: Canada::~get at the cause of constipat ion due to lack of the right kind of ''bulk" In the diet. Eat this delicious cereal for breakfast (or try it in muffins) every day and drink plenty of water. But remember, it doesn't work like harsh purgatives time. At your grocer's, In two convenient sise packages or in individual serving packages at restaurants. Made by Kellogg's in London, .
1941: Canada::~te for territory. Dept. . Vancouver, .
1941: AERUMAT1C METER FOR AUTOmobile, Truck, Tractor, Bus and Marine Engines Stop»~ Carbon! 26% More Mileage. Airmail for quick Information! Agents, wilte for territory. Dept. S. Box 163, Vancouver, Canada.
1941: CANADA::~EVERY EGG  CAN PRO duce
1941: much l'un as anything in the racli<| world can he’s probably the proverbial gold* mine. Meet Charlie McCarthy, Mister Bergen’s Ventriloquist dummy, whose personality is more real than anyone else’~s on the Sunday night fiesta of comedy and melody, originating in Hollywood, and heard over the Combined networks of the National Broadcasting Company in the United States, and the C.B.C. in Canada. Each week, as very effective foils, McCarthy has Ray Noble, who In between times conducts the music on the program (Ray is a famous British orchestra leader, composer and arranger), Abbott & Costello, and the weekly guest. You'll enjoy the program nights at 8 p.m. E.D.S.T., or nine, after the first of October if the American networks go back on Standard Time — on CBL, CBO, CROC.
1941: Last year, members of the Out. Women’~s Institute with the support of the Ont. Dept, of Agriculture, made 110,000 pounds of Jam which was shipped to Britain In four pound cans for children bombed out of their homes, and Canadian soldiers In British hospitals. The need was so great and the letters of recipients so grateful that the Women's Institutes of Canada set an objective of 800,000 pounds this year, with an Ontario quota of 150,000 to 200,000 pounds of jam.
1941: Canada::~Ontario, as the largest fruit producing province In , must provide the greater part of the
1941: «~ moved by Cr.McLellan seconded by'worth is requested by the Council to I nd ,hl and t0 ask questions. Cr. McDowell, that in response to the defer the putting of his motion before -0ften they have been cigarette Proclamation of the Government of this the Council until the coming December iinokers and they fai] t0 realize that Dominion of Canada setting aside the session, to which Mr. Brinks worth j e has four tjmes more fire
1941: Canada::~those waters that British vital life lines to  and the United
1941: Canada::~Prime Minister Churchill, with bis usual gift of expression, -has tailed  “the linchpin of tbo English-speaking world.” A Bnchpin is the pin passed through the axle-end to keep the wheel on.
1941: The help of every Canadian is needed for \ ictory. In these days of tear the thoughtless selfish spender is a traitor to our tear effort. A reduction in personal spending is now a vital necessity to re•~ lieve the pressure for goods, to enable more and more labour and materials to be diverted to winning the war. The all-out effort, which Canada must make, demands this self-denial of each of
1941: Canada::~Throughout the Dominion, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, in industrial centres and prairie villages, the Navy League of  is calling the nation to pay tribute to the men of the sea who are winning the war of the Free Peoples.
1941: Canada:Canada:~Navy Week, sponsored by the Navy League of , in this second year of war means more than ever before to a  which has seen her N avy grow, since war was declared, from less than 2,000 officers and men to more than 25,000 officers and men — each of whom is helping in Canada’s large part in the war at sea
1941: Canada::~The production of maple syrup and maple sugar in  In 1941 Is estimated in terms of maple syrup at 2,276,400 gallons.
1941: Canada::~AEROMAT1C METER FOR AUTOmobile, truck, tractor, bus and marine engines. Mors power! Stops carbon! 25% more mileage. Airmail for quick information! Agents, write for territory. Dept. 9. Box 163, Vancouver. .
1941: Canada::~Foundry Work; Gauging and Dealing. Special chapter on Reading Machine Blue Prints. Dozens of short-cut mathematical tables.  needs machinists! 4,000,000 additional trained craftsmen wanted by defense Industries this year! Help your country and boost your earnings. Start to learn now. An amazing bargain for only $2.50. Order your copy at once.
1941: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co.. Registered. Patent Attorneys, 271 __Bank Street, Ottawa, ,
1941: Canada::~As in the RCAF, the boys dress In air force blue, and their badge Is an albatross with maple leaf above and Air Cadets  below. Squadron markings are worn at the shoulder, and rank badges are similar to those of the air force, with cadets being able to climb to non-commissioned officer ranks. Cost of uniform is set at approximately (16 per cadet.
1941: Canada::~broadcast gives you actuality pictures of some pause of the great Commonwealth Air-Training plan, with dramatic pictures of 's part in the fight for Air-Supremacy.
1941: Canada::~Members of the newly-formed Air Cadets of  take the same elementary flying course as their big brothers in the RCAF. A have, Cadets Pierre Lebeau and Andre Jdbin, of No. 2 Jean de Brebeuf Squadron, Montreal, study a scale model of the solar system.
1941: The dream of a pilot’s life won't come true—~immediately. But tho elementary training these boys will undergo will prepare them to be Canada's, future pilots, navigators, observers, gunners, ground crews. For the league's set-up follows closely the senior air force pattern of ranks, training arm uni-
1941: Canada::~One of 's outstanding programs, dedicated to our war effort, and the men and women who do their vital share, Is told every Wednesday night at 10 30 on the network of the C.B.C. It’s the program "They Fly For Freedom,” and each
1941: Canada::~Volunteers who have not been accepted for service in and beyond  in the Military Forces, will be issued, according to an announcement by Col. the Hon. J. L. Ralston, Minister of National Defence, with the “Application for Enlistment” badge,
1941: Canada::~The ha/p of every Canadian it needed for Victory. In these days of war the thoughtless; selfish spender is a traitor to our war effort. A reduction in personal spending is now a vital necessity to relieve the pressure for goods, to enable more and more labour and materials to be diverted to winning the war. The all-out effort, which  must make, demands this self-denial of each of us.
1941: Canada::~Continuing the discussion of the diving ducks 1 feel that one group of this family should be given special consideration, even though they are known in the greater part of Ontario only from isolated specimens. Around the Hudson Hay, in Labrador ami on the Arctic islands, the eider ducks are well known and familiar creatures. Over most of  they are used for food only but in other parts of the world the wild eiders are carefully protected for they produce the eiderdown of commerce.
1941: Try ALL-BRAN’S “Better Way” by Kellogg’~s in London, Canada.
1941: For each picture desired, send a complete "Crown Brand" label, with your name and address and the name of the picture you want written on the back. Address Dept J.1Ï~, The Canada Starch Company Ltd.. 49 Wellington St E., Toronto
1941: packages, or ask for the individual serving package at restaurants. Made by Kellogg’~s in London, Canada.
1941: Canada:United States:~Trained investigators of both  and the  agree that their observations of migratory game birds in both countries indicate moderate gains and minor losses, affording a basis for restrained optimism. Information gathered at many points, from southern Mexico to the Arctic coast, indicates that the wild ducks and geese of North America have, in general, increased in numbers during the past year, but that the increase is smaller than is desirable. Coots or mud hens are abundant in their normal range, but rails have suffered both from shooting and from severe winter weather. The population of woodcock, while showing some local improvement, has continued, in general, below normal. Wilson’~s snipe has been decreasing steadily in numbers for some years and has reached such a low level that the hunting of this bird has been entirely prohibited throughout the United States.
1941: For each pivtUiu d«„»~eU complete "('row a Urand" label, wm your name mid address and th# nanio of the picture you want written on the buck. Address Dept. J.ll. The Canada Starch Company Ltd., 49 Wellington Si. F, Toronto
1941: Canada::~He told the Commons recently lie believed certain Canadian-made aircraft could be modified and substituted for types difficult to obtain from Britain so  could train a type of pupil “to which we are not at all committed" under the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan.
1941: Canada::~MEN BETWEEN 20 AND 60 ARB earning Thirty to Fifty dollars weekly throughout  taking orders by appointment. Some prof, •table exclusive territories now open possibly In your locality. Sales experience not necessary For
1941: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent fre#. The Ramsay Registered, Patent Attorneys, Bank Street Ottawa, .
1941: Women who suffer pain of Irregular periods with cranky nervousness,-due to monthly functional disturbances—~should find Lydia 1. Pink-ham's Vegetable Compound (with added Iron) very effective to relieve such distress. Plnkbam'sTablets made especially for women help build up resistance against such annoying symptoms. Follow directions. Made In Canada.
1941: Canada::~into  as a whole.
1941: Canada::~Gold miners throughout  are making a vital contribution to the Canadian war effort. A force of little more than 25,000 men is producing over $200,000,000 a year in gold amount of gold would fully pay for more than 8,000 Spitfires a year
1941: Canada::~tions and war equipment, the product of their work will pay for, possibly no other group of men of equal size anywhere else in the world will compare with that of the 25,000 men who are digging out the gold from the mines of .
1941: tor each picluiu defied complete "Crown BrumT* label, wltè~ your name and addrcaa and the name of the picture you want written on the back. Addrpas Dept. J 11. The Canada ''
1941: There are some vacancies in the special Tool Room Improvers’~ Course being conducted at the Westdale Technical School, Hamilton. This course is the only one of its type and kind in Canada. It ia a general course in tool and die making. It is arranged and designed to produce efficient help in a tool room. The Tool Room Improvers’ Course ia of six months duration. Students to take this important course, must be sponsored by an Indus-
1942: “The people of Britain the midst of another long, cold winter..’ declared officials at Red Cross House, “~and we here m Canada must do our best, and more, to bring them every assistance, as well a« build up a re nerve tor possible future bomb
1942: CANADA::~9 YEAR-ROUND RESORT HOTEL STE. ADELE EN HAUT PO  WINTER HOLIDAY
1942: Canada::~The first estimate of the hit* field crops of  In 1941 places potato production at 39,290,000 cwt.
1942: Canada::~ines, surface raiders and aircraft in order to transport troops and war supplies overseas, will now he entitled to wear the badge pictured above. The insignia draws attention to the fact that these men of the merchant fleet are virtually part of 's fighting force. The government Order in Council authorizing issue of the badge states that it is to be worn by the personnel of ships of Canadian registry “When on shore leave in civilian attire, in order that recognition may be accorded to the national importance of their contribution to the sea transport of troops, munitions and supplies, and the carriage of exports to overseas markets.”
1942: Canada::Air force filers, forced down at sea. are kept alloat by the buoyancy of their flying suits In tbs lining of which is placed the lifepreserving material called kapok. Most of it comes from The Netherlands Fust Indies and to assure that enough kapok is made available for ’~s and the Allied airmen, and for the thousands of life jackets and floats needed by the navy unci army, all supplies in Canada were “frozen" In an order by Alan H. Williamson, controller of supplies.
1942: Canada::~With the war actually brought to this continent, news and news-commentaries become Increasingly significant The Nailonal News, carried by practically all stations in , 11 pm. D.S.T. dally, la the day's finest most authcntie
1942: United States:Canada:~mate than many Northwestern  and adjacent provinces of  In fact, many Arctic lande have relatively mild winter climates, land, which Ilea below the Arctic Circle, and Spitzbergen. which la well above it, are kept "air con dltloned” by branches of the Unit Stream.
1942: Canada:United States:~NICKEL IN THE WAR Some striking facts are presented in a statement made by the International Nickel Company of , Limited. World nickel production and consumption this year have set all-time records, and more fonn 10 percent of It Is being used hi war orders. The  this year has seed mote than two-thirds of the world's total nickel
1942: Canada:United States:~The Migratory Bird Treaty between the United State# and Great Britain had 1U twenty-fifth "birth day" on Dec. I, signed by the two nations to protect migratory waterfowl and other forma of wildfire going back and forth bebw  and the , the treaty was proclaimed by President Wilson oa Dec. 8, ISIS.
1942: Canada::~IF YOU LAY YOUR POULTRY plane wisely for this you're in to make money with erg markets at home and abroad demanding 's limit Order from the Bray pricelist If you want birds of real producing ability. We've pullets. Bray Hatchery. ISO John N., Hamilton, Ont
1942: Canada::~Crop surpluses, looked ou as ble sources of motor fuel. _ave almost disappeared in  at a time when gasoline substitutes are being sought, departmental officials said recently.
1942: Canada::~Although a wheat sur ulus of hundreds of millions of bushels remains in , and examination of methods of taking alchol from wheat has been extensive, officials said there was the rising hope that all Canadian wheat would be required for no:mal food uurposes.
1942: Canada::~?'s first brewery was founded by the Intendant Talon, under government sanction, to promote temperance.
1942: Canada::~production could l>e undertaken through well established methods used in Europe for many y but gasoline prices have always been lower in  and the n ted States and	of
1942: Canada::~Canadian poultry farmers have As opportunity now to make their future secure, If they will aceept the advice offered by Mr. Fred Bray, Chairman of the Canadian Poultry Industry Committee. The t demand for eggi In Britain, he pointed out, makes eondl-tions favorable for farmers in this country, and this situation will ntinue for two years after the war. From then on,  will have to compete with the world, and production costs muet be brought down if this is to be done ceesfully.
1942: When there was great rivalry between the adherents of the various mail-order houses claims used to be made that this one or that one was “~the greatest mailorder house in the world/' Today all those claims have gone by the board. The greatest mail order house in Canada today is the M.G.O.'s branch of the individual citizen’s army.
1942: Storm .. . by George R. Stewart • • •~ The Macmillan Company of Canada . . . Price $3.00.
1942: ••Better Way" to correct the cause of constipation due to lack of the right kind of “bulk " in your diet. But remember, ALL-BRAN doesn’t work like cathartics. It takes time. Get ALL BRAN at your grocer’s, in two convenient size packages, or ask for the individual serving package at restaurants. Made by Kellogg’~s in London, Canada.
1942: Canada::~Won en of  were urgetl to co* that inward freedom of soul which i* operate with the government's sugar tbe world’~s supreme hope m these days, rationing regulations m a statement i*- Canada and Newfoundland, get hon-ued today by a representative of the ourable mention, not only tor the work women’s divisions of the Wartime.Brices p* fried on at home, but for the genero’n and Trade Board.	support given to the tarent S<Wt>
1942: Canada::~This step has been taken to conserve the satisfactory reserve stock of sugar in  and is an assurance to the consumer that there is no reason for heavy
1942: Canada::~Ration coupons will not be used to enforce the sugar limitations in . The
1942: When the amount of a tender exceeds the sum of * 3,000.00—whether it be for one building only or more—~the the tenderers must attach to then tender a certified cheque on a chartered bank in Canada, made payable to the order cf the Honourable Minister n( Public Work»~, equil to 10 percent of amount of the tender, or bearer bonds of the Dominion of Canada or of the Canadian National Railway Company and its constituent companies unconditionally guaianteed as to principal and interest by the Dominion of Canada or the aforementioned bonds and a certified cheque, if required to make up an
1942: Canada::~To  After Distressing Experience ; .
1942: Canada::~Blnion of  Bond iMR
1942: They've moved Mart Kenney's CBC feature again hour later on Wednesday uljhtn— at P.30 D.S.T. For the past month or eo it was in the 8.00 period. Show in called “~Sweet and Low* nd really highlites the fine* points of Canada's finest band. For the dancer and listener, and the later ‘stayer-upper,' Mart broadcasts thru CKOC’s facilities direct from the Brant Inn at Burlington Fridays at 10.00 p.m. and Saturdays at 11.16! Show #s handled over* the air by Juan Root, permanent M.C. of the Brant’s famed floor shows!
1942: Few Canadian shows strive he reach the ‘Variety’ pinnacle ef a# many of the big-time U S. she —but “Blended Rhythm,” days at 8.80 D.S.T. (CROC and CBC), does a very commendable job, patterned strictly on the variety theme act (Frankie Shuster and Jehmajr Wayne ) — top-flits muais with Erie Wild's band, and sole étant»~ by Georgia Day, Burt Austia and the Campbell Sisters. With Canada's number one announcer, M.C, Herb May at the mike, show moves along at a nice pace — good laughs, good music and good showmanship 1
1942: Canada::~Greatly Increased hog production of fat exports bo Great Britain might well have created a problem situation, but for the Intervention of shortening manufacturers both In eastern and western . Coupled with the need to develop a new outlet for these domestic fate, has been the Dominion government’~s Import restrictions on vegetable oils form-1y used In large quantities for shortening manufacture. The new blended shortening, as It le sailed, combine# Canada's own meat fate with a proportion of vegetable oils to produce a product comparable In every way with the old type of shortening made from Imported vegetable oils alone.
1942: Canada::~Dr. H. B. Robinson, eminent American nutrition research authority in recent consultation with the Dominion Government's experts on the fate and oik situation said, "Fate are essential In the diet They supply more than twice the energy of other foods. They can help  win the war.”
1942: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions end full Information sent free. The Ramsay Cc Registered. Patent Attorneys. S7I Bank Street Ottawa. .
1942: Canada::~A VICTORY BOND is the promise of the Dominion of1  to repay in cash the full face value of the Bond at the time stipulated, with half-yearly interest at the rate of 3% per annum until maturity.
1942: Canada::~A Victory Bond is the safest investment in . The entire resources of the Dominion stand behind it.
1942: Canada::~It is to be hoped that the following confused bit of conversation is not an example of the thinking being done on the subject of conscription in  at the present time. This conversation welled forth a few days ago from a lady who complained that her brother was wounded in the last war.
1942: Canada::~Dragon Seed ... by Pearl S. Buck . . . The MacmiHan Company of  . . . Price $3.00.
1942: Canada::~This is Mart Kenney, 's outstanding modern maestro, who is really 'on the air' these days In no uncertain terms! Monday night at 10 o'clock, he broadcasts a half hour show on the National Network for the Victory Ix>an; on Wednesday at 9.30, his regular weekly CBC Feature ‘Sweet and Low,' and on Friday and Saturday nights at 11.15, broadcasts thru CROC's facilities from the Brant Inn at Burlington. CROC is also privileged to be with the National Network carrying the Monday and Wednesday night shows!
1942: ha • month of raiding off U. E coasts, German U-boats have sunk •~w II vassal# spotted on map, damaged another, and sunk 16 1 In the north Atlantic off Canada Nearly 450 lives have lest In the U. I. coast sinkings which took a toll of 113,163 tons of shipping, Including 10 oil tankers
1942: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Invention# and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co Registered. Patent Attorneys. 171 Bank Street. Ottawa. .
1942: Canada:Canada:~It is said that in certain quarters outside , people have been led l to believe that ’s war effort is much less than it rea'ly is.
1942: Canada::~and wounded, cannot reli-h the thought that any outsiders should consider  a slacker in the New World ; effort to preserve freedom.	;
1942: Canada::~Year Book,  1942
1942: Canada::~The publication is announced by the Dominion Bureau of Statistics of the 1942 edition of the Official Handbook of .
1942: Canada::~bec will apply to the Parliament of  at the present session thereof for a Bill of Divorce from his wife, Grace Annie Murphy, of Ottawa, Ontario, on the grounds of adultery and desertion.
1942: que WILLIAM LOKEX. Belleterre, Province de Qué~bec, demandera au Parliament du Canada A la présente session un Bill de Divorce contre son épouse, Grace Annie Murphy. d’Ottawa, province d’Ontario, pour cause d'adultère et de désertion.
1942: CANADA::~THE  PAINT CO.
1942: Canada::~of  Limited
1942: Canada::~If with Kellogg's in London, .
1942: Canada::~Founded by the late A. E. Cross In 1885, the A-Seven Ranch near Nanton, Alberta, is famous to this day for the high-grade grass-fed beef cattle which the ranch raises and ships all over .
1942: Canada:Canada:~Munitions Minister Howe told members of the Engineering Institute of Canada that 's output of merchant shipping this year is expected to total almost as much as that of 'the shipyards of Great Britain sinkings in the Atlantic have forced  to switch her shipbuilding facilities from naval to merchant vessels.
1942: For envh picture desired, send a complete “CROWN BRAND”~ label, with your name and address and the name of the picture you want written on the back. Address Dept. J.12, The Canada Starch Company Ltd., 49 Wellington Ht. B. Toronto.
1942: Canada::~This office was opened on December Mb, 1898, as a branch of the former Merchants Bank cf , a bank which in later years became, by amalgamation, part of the nationwide banking system of the Bank of Montreal.
1942: This office, which provided Shawville | ReVe H. Gill Steers, B.A., B.D„~ pastor with its first banking facilities, is itself a branch of an institution which was the first permanent bank to be established in Canada, and which has been in the forefront of Canadian finance for nearly 125 years. Behind the Bank of Montreal as an institution there lies a history closely interwoven with that of the Dominion of Canada.
1942: Canada::~senior nurse in the hospital at Pietermaritzburg. South Africa, and family, and Mr*. Harley Hut-She is enjoying her work there tier, of Ottawa, were week-end and says that there are 25 other guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. nurses from  on the staff! Kid rid Mee. with her
1942: CANADA::~A CONTRIBUTION TO 'S ALL-OUT WAR EFFORT
1942: the movie colony, it's •~tare and pictures! Jimmie Fldler ti heard each Monday In Canada through the following Ontario Statons: CKCL, CKOC, CKTB, CFPL, OPCO, CKCR, CJIC, and CKCA.
1942: Canada:United States:~That  was marked by destiny to become the connecting link between the two greet Anglo-Saxon democracies, the  and the British Commonwealth of Nations, was the keynote of an address delivered by Major P. L. C. Bond, D.S.O., president of the American Railway Engineering Association, at the 43rd annual meeting of the association, which opened I* Chi-last week.
1942: AN OFFER I’~U EVER 1 INVENTOR List of inventions and full information sent free The Ramsay Co Registered, Patent Attorneys. 878 Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
1942: Canada::~In . Technical
1942: Canada:Canada:~STAMP COLLECTING IS WANtime relaxation. 50 different Newfoundland and  only 1S% 300 finely mixed Newfoundland and , only 25c. Free pricelists of Canadian Stamps and Worldwide packets. Old latlons purchased.
1942: IVnvime de Qu 4* ht r, d«~ mandera au Parliain.i.t du Canada à U présente
1942: Canada::~The plan louse a lottery system is a will drive up a column of mercury ter, between the two banks of draw-new departure in . It is n< w in 130 millimeters high, or a column ers, to make room for the sitter s
1942: Canada::~well apply te :
1942: Canada::~The value to  of the training of the Dominion’s Boy Scouts by their 8,000 volunteer leaders, and an appeal to older persons to fill the places of the many Scouters who have enlisted, were emphasized in the radio address of the Hon. J. T. Thorson, Minister of National War Services, during February Boy Scout Week.
1942: Canada::~Speaking over a national hookup, as a representative of the Dominion Government, Mr. Thorson referred to the important home defense services rendered by the Scouts of Britain, and the similarly valuable work being done by the Scouts of . He continued:
1942: “~As Minister of National War Services 1 should like to say te every Scout and Cub leader in Canada that 1 look upon his work as a matter of national importance. His status is similar to that of an officer in charge of a training unit or organization. He is doing national service of a high order.”
1942: Canada::~Mr. Thorson described as remarkable the record of more than 900,000 boys trained in good citizenship by the Boy Scouts Association of  lines its inception in 1908. He spoke of the high percentage of leaders and older Scouts who had enlisted, and paid a tribute to the known 94 who already had paid the supreme sacrifice of patriotism. To help make up this loss Mr. Thorson appealed to “older persons unable to enlist” to offer their help to local Scout organizations.
1942: Said Mr. Thorson: “~i express oa behalf of the Government of Canada the same confidence and trust m the Hoy Scouts of Canada, and 1 know that each anu every Scout ia this country will bs proud of the part that he has to play as s member of Canada’s team to help win the war.”
1942: Canada::~FASHION NOTE  will use more women ln work to fill the breach•• made ia industry and on the farms when men are called to service. And when the ladies don slacks, as many of them do in war work, they will also be filling the breech os."
1942: Canada::~New restrictions oq the use of metals in  make wooden bathtubs a possibility. To the danger of stepping on the soap this would add another hazard
1942: Canada::~legal grades under the Seeds Act Dale H, Bd!y Horner 11, Keith Pr >wn-ot . A variety u selected .	10
1942: Canada::~War Has Increased Taste For Poultry crops grow quickly and well. Mil-Xever before Ivtvj the people of lions of tons of wheat, barley and  shown such a taste for other grains are harvested each poultry meat as they have recent- year—so much that this region has ly, the Agriculture Department been called “the breadbasket of Eu-stated recently. Reports to the rope."
1942: Canada:Russia:~Department from dealers in (1res Besides the grain, there are large sed poultry in all parts of  crops of other kinds/ In a recent are to the effect that the war time year the n Ukraine produced demand for poultry of all kinds, 6,000,000 tons of potatoes and 7,000,-partieulaily chickens, has been 000 tons of sugar beets, notably heavy. Due to the >ub- Before the present warfare start-
1942: marketing»~ lu Canada.
1942: Canada::~Western  had a 16.1 per
1942: Canada::~cent increase in 1941 over that in 1940, while Eastern  show ed only 1.9 per cent Increase.
1942: FREE COLORED CATALOGUE OF Nursery Stock. Containing Fruit Trees, Roses, Shrub», Evergreens. Vine»~, lowest prices In Canada. Write today for your free copy. Hrookdfile-Klngsway Limited, Bowiuunville, Ontario.
1942: Canada::~batohelor's buttons, sweet peas, alyssuen. All of these and some more will stand moderate frost and throughout most of  oan be sown just me soon as the soil can be worked. But there are a great many more flowers and vegetable* that will not survive frost. These must not be sown outside until the weather really turns warm. Actually they will not make any growth until the soil Is warm, usually In mid-May or later. There Is nothing to be gained by rubbing them In too soon.
1942: Canada::~One can hardly overemphasise the Importance of early cultivation, once of course the soil Is tit to work. A little digging In the garden then is worth a whole buret of feverish energy later on. At this time when the soli Is moist It is a simple matter to get out twitch and other weeds, to stir the ground deeply. By doing so we help push growth of vegetables and flowers and conserve moisture and plant food. If this essential Job Is left for a few weeks then weeds have developed tougher roots and are hard to remove and much valuable moisture is lost. In the dryer sections of , frequent cultivation is depended upon V> conserve the scant rainfall and it will keep vegetables growing steadily which they must do if they are to be tender.
1942: Canada:Canada:~The Department reserves the right to demand from any successful tenderer, before awarding the order, a security deposit in the form of a certified cheque on a chartered bank in Canada, made payable to the order of the Honourable the Minister of Public Works equal to 10 per cent of the amount of the tender, or Bearer Bonds of the Dominion of  or of the Canadian National Railway Company and its constituent companies unconditionally guaranteed as to principal and interest by the Dominion of , or the aforementioned bonds and a certified cheque, if required to make up an odd amount Such security will serve, to guarantee the proper fulfilment of the contract
1942: Canada::~Each tender must he accompanied by an accepted bank cheque on a chartered bank in , payable to the order of the Minister of Public Works, equal to one half c f the amount of the annual tender price.
1942: Canada:United States:~Officials said the Increased production is urgently needed to compensate for losses in normally imported vegetable oil supplies because of war in the Far East.  and the  have entered into a joint program of increasing such vegetable oil production as Is possible, although the major part of the Canadian
1942: Canada::~new eong book, ha. bean turned over im lto entirety to approved wer eharitiee, as will all royalties resulting from the sale of this Wer Song Book! Show is heard throughout  — 1.16 to 1.46 p.m.
1942: Canada::~Soybean seed supplies are none too plentiful in  and officials said this might prove a limiting factor on the acreage.
1942: Canada::~program I And folks are really giving the Fred Allen show a Mg listening audience since tt came te , and not much wonder. It is one of the few hour variety shows on the air, and it's entertaining for the full sixty minutes.
1942: Canada::~Soybeans, imported from Manchuria, were first grown in  at the Ontario Agricultural College at Guelph in 1896.
1942: Canada::~It was 108 years ago in the month Static; Army Buys Some ot June that the Conference of A revolutionary radio receiver that Upper  decided to send a is said to eliminate all interfering regular minister to Clarendon, noise to an unprecedented degree Prior to that preachers had come has been perfected by Karl E. Pier-into the district from across the SOn, Los Angeles radio engineer. Ottawa and had organized classe» Army tests indicate the receiver or congregations. Finally with a has solved the problem of efficient
1942: Canada::~The Breakfast Club is heard in  daily at nine am, through stations of the CBC network, including CBY and CKOC.
1942: Canada::~ere the only signs of habitation. But ths men and women who Eve In these picturesque white house# ire of a sturdy stock that stems back to ths hardy Frenchman who wrested  from the defences of nature and who ably defended their territory against savages who would be appalled at the savagery displayed today by the "kultured” Nails.
1942: In taking on more of this Government precision work, the Orillia firm asked to be supplied with a set of gauges, in order that the extra checking might be done at the benches before the official inspectors’~ visits. He was informed that only one set of gauges used by the Government inspector was available in Canada. So the company received permission to fabricate a set. Now it has its own gauges that will measure down to 1-20,000th of an inch.
1942: Canada::~Visit the only Spiing Fair in pastern  Prize List now n a !y.
1942: Canada::~While not so intended, the visit to  of the four “blitz-trained” Boy Scouts from Britain has augmented interest in the Canadian Scout's Chins Up Fund for British Scout war sufferers. A total of $3,500 was added to the fund during the four boys' tour of Ontario. At June 1st, $21,500 had been contributed to the fund by the Scouts of the Dominion. The money is being earned by the Scouts and Cubs themselves, and is not being solicited. Much of it is produced by the collection and sale of salvage.
1942: "Rice Krispies”~ is a registered trade mark of Kellogg Company of Canada Limited, for it» brand of oven-popped rice. ^Get some today!
1942: CANADA::~OF , LIMITED
1942: CANADA:CANADA:~'S HOUSEWIVES ARE 'S
1942: Canada::~# The most delightful desserts you a* smoothly rich custards or blanc manges that can be made quickly and easily 'with p; high quality  Corn Starch*
1942: Canada:United States:~The committee links together the war effort of 132,000,000 Americans. 42,000,000 Britons, 11,000,000 Canadians, great Industrial machines In the British Midlands and throughout  and the . Together they control more than 48 per cent of the world's coal, 41 per cent of the world's Iron ore, 61 per cent of the world's petroleum. Britain s biggest asset, her empire, spread ovei almost one-fourth of the wo.*lds habitable land, containing 600,000,000 people and vast sources of the stuffs of war, Is open to the committee through the connections of Its various parts with the
1942: Canada::~Only the two countries were included In the plan because other United Nations powers are not producing war materials sufficient to meet even their own demands, and thus have no shipping problem. Mr Hooaevelt made clear, however, that  would participate in any Joint action through her membership on the British Supply Council.
1942: Canada::~ANDERSON McLAUOHLEN BU1CK-Pontiac Ltd. the largest dealers 10  for Bulcks and Pon-tlaca are located at 1029 Bay St, Toronto. You can always be sure of real high grade used care, at very reasonable price* Care that you can depend on for real aer vice and with excellent tires. We enjoy a very large out-of-towe clientele; built un through years of serving well. It will pay you to visit us when In Toronto, besides we are sure we can save you money.
1942: Women who suffer pain of Irregular periods with cranky nervousness -due to monthly functional disturbance»—~should And Lydia S. Pink-ham's Vegetable Compound Tablets (with added Iron) very effective to relieve such d i stress. PI nk ham 'a Tablets made especially for women help build up resistance against such annoying symptoms. Follow label directions. Made In Canada.
1942: Canada:Canada:~1 he re ili-tic touch of modern warfare is evident in this photograph of Canadian infantrymen practising Itayonut charges lirough a thick smoke screen in one of  9 largest camp#. With the menace of Axis aggression beir^ brought closer daily to 's shores, servicemen are doing their training with greater purpose and determination When the test conics they will be ready.
1942: e,Rice Krispies”~ is a registered trade mark ofKelloggCompany of Canada Limited, for its brand of oven-popped rice. Get some today.
1942: Canada::~However, the record of five crossings in nine days was made in the ferry service, which takes to Britain government-sponsored passengers and urgently needed war materials, and carries back to  ferry crews to collect more bombers.
1942: Canada::~contains a gold casket within which is the inscribed parchment roll of annual winners. The gold casket is mounted on heavily chased silver feet with a Corinthian column at each corner. Two beavers act as supporters of this casket and the Canadian coat of aims is beautifully executed on the front. The cup itself is of Grecian design and made of gold. The superlative workmanship and exquisite design makes this trophy, which was made entirely in , one of exceptional beauty seldom seen in athletic trophies.
1942: Canada::~2.	Veterans Guards of , personnel employed in operational units.
1942: Dr. S E. McDowell left last week *»~ui Mrs. Sam Armstrong, of t}o spend a three weeks* vacation Qnyon; also u2 grand children and in Western Canada. During his	Ktand children. e
1942: appointed who are to be dressed I The August meeting of Claren-as “~Miss Canada'’on Tuesday and don Women’s Institute was held Saturday nights and" during tin the home of Mrs. Norval Kil days ot the Fair, and will sell gour, with the vice-president, Mrs. stamps on the streets and at the Wilber Horner presiding, doors of the people, or take orders Seven members and several for certificates.	visitors were present.
1942: Buy your stamps from “~Miss Canada and help our soldiers on to victory.
1942: lumber has been taken out of H ta groat quantities. The monks plant new trees as fwt as they out down old ones. Our forests rapidly disappearing. Unless we want a »~ treeless Canada, we, too, will have to plant a tree for each one logged. Forest destruction Is our greatest waste.
1942: Why don’t you try ALL-BRAN’S	Kellogg’~s in London, Canada.
1942: Canada::~WE HAVE A GOOD EARNING Opportunity for attractive well-groomed women to assist In merchandise distribution and service Supported by National Advertising. Write today to Avon Fgfcw ducts of , Limited, 1^1 St. Alexander St.. Montreal, Que
1942: Canada::~Austin Wright, assistant director of the National Selective Service Board, said last week that under new plans for coping with 's manpower problem, some of which will be disclosed this month, “a man will have no longer a choice of position.”
1942: Canada::~The plan, already approved by the cabinet, will open more than 100 new National Selective Service offices across , five of them in Nova Scotia, he said.
1942: With the closing <»~f the present school y?nr membership in the Junior lved Cross in Canada reached the 900.000 mark in the 30,000 branches across the Dominion. Latest reports from the Quebec Provincial Division indicate that 60.000 of these members reside in this province.
1942: Canada::~Since the outbreak of war 14 mobile kitchens for tire-fighters in Britain, five ambulances for the British Red Cross, three station wagons, one utilicon van and the endowment of a bed in Taplow Hospital were but some of the major projects financed by the Juniors .
1942: Canada:Canada:~Thanksgiving Day will be observed throughout  Monday, October 12, it warn announced in a proclamation published last week in a special edition of the  Gasette.
1942: Canada::~Trans- these days on the early afternoon CBC network at 1.46, is that of Clairs Wallace, well • known Toronto woman, whose news and radio features for women in the war-time Canadian home are very well known. With Claire Wallace in this new national daily program series, is
1942: Canada::~Before the war  import-
1942: Japan:Canada:~ed an average pounds of tea annually from Ceylon, India, the Netherlands East Indies, China, Formosa and . At present ’s only sources of supply are Ceylon and India, which in normal times provided 70 per cent, of the world’s tea— and both of these countries now are in war zones. .
1942: Canada::~Company of  Limited, for it# brand of even-
1942: Canada:United States:~, once entirely dependent on the  and Great Britain for ma hine tools, now is exporting some tools to those countries and has stepped up her production some 800 per cent since the outbreak of war, munitions and supply officials zaid last week.
1942: Canada::~Bcforf the war  made hardly any machine tools and even now the production meets little more than one-fifth of wartime industry’s demands in this coun-But four general types are being made in a wide range of sizes
1942: Canada::Meet Eric Wild, dynamic young Canadian orchestra leader, who again batons one of ’s top-fllte, nationally heard, variety pro-grama Last season’~s Blended Rhythm show is back on the network again, Including CKOC is Hamilton, each Tuesday night at 8.30. This year, the show has a somewhat new format, with Canada's number one comedian Mast-of Ceremonies, Alan Young, at the helm of the program. With Charles Jordan as tenor soloist, with a nifty vocal group, Erie Wild's music, and the feature 'Song of the Month' parade of Canadian penned popular tunes, this Tuesday night Variety show, will again be high in favor with Canadian radio listeners!
1942: Canada:England:~700 miles since Sept. 10, 1932. He said he covered  from coast to coast, then travelled down to the Mexican border, to Florida, the New  States and back to Halifax.
1942: Women who suffer pain of Irregular periods with cranky due to monthly functional disturbances—should find Lydia E. Pink-ham’~s Vegetable Compound Tablets (with added Iron) very effective to relieve such distress. Pink ham'sTablets made especially for women help build up resistance against such annoying symptoms. Follow label directions. Made In Canada.
1942: Canada:Germany:~If Ontario and  have trouble with the farm labor problem, there Is some consolation that Hitler and Mussolini probably have even the Woodstock Sentinel-Review. A firs) class glimpse Into the European situation le offered In the August Issue of the Economic Annalist, published by the Dominion Department of Agriculture Extraordinary effort was made In  to mobilise labor for
1942: Canada::~Public men rap us on the knuckles If we say that  Is not doing a full Job of war work. They raise a smoke screen of empty eloquence to boast of what la being done. They promise that some day the government will place the whole war effort on a wartime basis, but In the meantime too gnany of us carry on with pur bridge and our golf. We stick nobly to the rations of tea and coffee and sugar and gasoline— and sneak out of all-out service by buying cakes with sugar In them, by drinking tea and coffee In restaurants and hotels, by using taxicabs to take our useless errands when
1942: Russia:Canada:~A credit agreement under which  may draw up to approximately 9,000.000 bushels of hard spring wheat or flour has been signed at  House by representatives of the Canadian and Soviet governments.
1942: usa:Canada:~Hundreds of thousands of young Canadians have decided that Canada is worth fighing for, We other hundreds of thonds at home must decide that  is worth uorhing for — sating for—lending for
1942: Canada:usa:~Across  are thonds of 8haw Graduates who have attained to fine, well-paid positions and noteworthy eucc in Business, through Shaw training.
1942: Women who suffer pain of Irregular periods with cranky nervousness-due to monthly functional disturbances—should And Lydia E. Plnk-ham's Vegetable Compound Tablets (with added Iron) very effective to relieve such distress. Pink ham’~s Tablets made especially for women help build up resistance against such annoying symptoms. Follow label directions. Made in Canada.
1942: Canada::~Labor Minister Mitchell said recently that  Is working “~in an evolutionary way toward the same goal" a* the United States In transferring workers from gold mines to more essential war production.
1942: Canada:Canada:~O. W. Spinney, director of the Victory Loan drive for all , has this little poem to tell bow  can win or lose the war: The Lord gave us two ends to use. One to think with, one to sit with; The war depends on which we choose—
1942: Canada::~Boy Scouts all over  are going hi for “Commando" Scouting, to toughen them selves for the time when their services may be required In the armed fore es. Typical of such training la the task set for themselves by two New Toronto Boy Scouts, who made a week-end hike of 42 miles to the Blue Spring Camp reserve near Guelph. They carried fall kit and cooked their meals en route.
1942: Canada::~Glorious deeds for humanity have brightened the years of the century and a quarter through which the Bank of Montreal has lived at)d served . Sordid to deeds of treachery and tyranny cannot detract from e the record of courage, faith and achievement made by ' democratic, freedom-loving nations and peoples.
1942: Canada::~r We re-dedicate on this our 125th Birthday all our accumulated experience, knowledge, technical skill and financial strength to the service of  and her citizens.
1942: Canada::~## When the Bank of Montreal ^F began business on November W 3,1817, the only transportation F in  was provided by horse, f wagon, stagecoach,canoe and river packet. There was no means of communication, excepting letters delivered by courier. There v^as no common currency.
1942: Canada::~Born when  was still a wilderness, with here and there y a town, the Bank of Montreal has marched, worked and fought beside Canadians of all generations since 1817, assisting in every field of endeavour to build and preserve the nation.
1942: Canada::~As on ou, 100* Birthday, in ,917, we now find , together with her sister dominions and her aHies, fighting with	W|tjl gigantic industries, networks of
1942: In this picture, builded into it for twelve and a half decades, generation after generation, stands the Bank of Montreal, now with hundreds of branches, strong with youth, experienced with age—~still serving Canada,
1942: if you are troubled by constipation due to lack of the right kind of 'bulk ' in your diet ? But remember, ALL-BRAN doesn't work like cathartics. It takes time. Bat it regularly and drink plenty of water. Get ALL-BRAN at your grocer’~s, in two convenient size packages, or ask for the individual serving package at restaurants. Made by Kellogg's in London, Canada.
1942: Let’~s keep Canada a place that is something to write about.
1942: Canada:Canada:~over the national many ways it was radio angle which swung the decision to continue the N.H.L. games this winter argument favoured the belief that  at war required the relaxation which the broadcasts of hockey every Saturday evening brought to listeners from the Atlantic to the Pacific . . . so Saturday evening is again to become ’s national hockey night from coast to coast, CBL and CFRB Toronto will carry the broadcasts, commencing October 31st, 9 p.m. New York Rangers and Toronto Maple Leafs will open
1942: When you buy Victory Bonds you are laying up for yourself the best of all investments, for back of each one is your country’~s solemn promise that every dollar you invest in Victory Bonds will be repaid to you in full, plus a fair rate of interest. You can borrow against them, and they are readily saleable when you need the cash. And that solemn promise of repayment in full is backed by all the vast resources of the Dominion of Canada.
1942: What’~s your share of the savings job? Well, the average Canadian would have to lend to Canada to meet Canada’s need $1 in every $5 of income left after taxes and compulsory
1942: Canada::~Pte Clinton Sparling, Black Watch Regiment of , is spending a furlough at the home of his parents Mr and Mrs. Robt. Sparling, at Charter!*.
1942: Buy ALL-BRAN at your grocer's in either of the two conveniently sized packages. Order it in the individual serving package at restaurants. Made by Kellogg’~s at London, Canada.
1942: Tempt your family's appetite with desserts that are delicious and nutritious—~blanc manges and puddings that can be made easily and at little cost, with Canada Corn Starch.
1942: Canada::~The fine quality of  Corn Starch gives the best possible results-a smooth texture that makes corn starch desserts delightful.
1942: CANADA::~tlM  STARCH COMPANY UmM, Monlreel,
1942: Canada::~people all over  with leas time for marketing and planning menus, and because improper selection of foods may lead to reduced national efficiency, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is focussing attention on this important question of nutrition in a new broadcast feature, entitled “The Hidden Enemy.” Dr. Elizabeth Chant Robertson, noted Canadian authority on nutrition ia advisor to the series of C.B.C. broadcasts to be heard every
1942: Canada::~The distribution of Bed Cross pow dcred blood has made rapid strides during the past year. When blood donations are received it any of the Voluntary Blood Donor Clinics throughout  ihe blood is immediately processed into powdered form.
1942: Canada:Canada:~In eastern  the processing is <1 .ne at the Connaught Laboratories in Toronto. When it has been ivdiuad t the powderrd form, it is then ready for distribution to active a rvice centres 1 military hospitals in  a* well ill Canadian ships at sea. l.arg quantities are sent overseas to be in readiness in military hospitals, urgent is the speed element in this c is that a gieater part of it i- taken over by bombers, which are being ferried
1942: Canada::~In  ,
1942: Canada::~In  .
1942: Canada::~ln  .
1942: Canada::~These supplies will however be adequate normal consumption, if housewives in all p of  co-operate.
1942: Canada::~27$ Bank Street, Ottawa. .
1942: If you suffer monthly cramps, backache. distress of "Irregularities.” nervousness—due to functional monthly disturbance*-try Lydia 3L Plnkham’~s Vegetable Compound Tablets (with added iron). Made especially for women. They also help build up red blood. Made in Canada.
1942: Canada:United States:~Pilot of an R.C.A.F. Kittyhawk fighter climbs aboard his plane before going aloft on a patrol in Alaska. 's airmen, serving with those of the  in the northern outpost, have already drawn Jap blood.
1942: Canada:United States:~There is small likelihood of any alterations in Canadian tea and coffee rations during the life-time of the current ration book. It was said in Ottawa last week in reply to reports that  would fall in line with the new  coffee ration.
1942: Canada::~The American quota of one pound every five weeks is an odd figure which will not divide evenly into pounds, months or weeks. For  to attempt to conform would mean revamping her entire unit system. The change is farther complicated by the fact that our tea and coffee are rationed on the same coupon.
1943: England:Canada:~In his reply, Flight Lt Fumerton thanked all for their kindly welcome and declared his belief that if  had fallen it would have been the end of everything worth while in the world On coming home, he was rejoiced to see how  was going all out for victory; yet warned against any complacency that might arise because the tide of war seemed more favourable to us. This war, he declared, cannot end until wt have driven the linns butk to Berlin and bombed Tokyo into rubble Retribution is catching upon Hit 1er and his satellites, and not only must the soldiers tight to give tin knockout blow, but the home front must pour out its best in quality and quantity.
1943: Canada::~Miss Rix, member of the Irish Rifle Association, shot a 6,000 a 6,000 in winning the award. While several women in  have won the award at various times, she was the first to get perfect marks.
1943: Canada::~To win the award-top honot in sporting rifle competition in , contestants must post a score of *>,820 or better out of 6,000, shooting 60 targets, 20 each in the standing, sitting, and prone positions. The score must be perfect in the prone position, 98 or better on each shot of the sitting or kneeling position, and 95 or better on each shot of the standing off-hand stance.
1943: Canada::~WITH AN UNLIMITED DEMAND for Dairy products, now Is the time to buy a good pure bred Holstein bull or a few choice females. You get more milk, more fat and higher salvage value with Hoi stems. Let our Fleldmen advise you where to buy. Write the Holsteln^Frleeiap Association of , Brantford, Ontario.
1943: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co.. Registered Patent Attorneys, >71 Bank Street. Ottawa. .
1943: Canada:Canada:~The Chief Scout for , His Excellency the Governor-General, has announced the week of February 21-27 as Boy Scout Week in . The opening feature of the observance will be memorial services for Lord Baden-Powell on February 21, the day prior to the birthday of the Founder of the Boy Scout Movement.
1943: Canada::~lived.* uf  and the Allied Nations.	Mayor ami Councillors, will be held at	lowing ways of	improving	agricuî-	were again taken each day until
1943: demand* In the first three years of ; Mveno »~u, fur the purpose ot then aid on benefits tor particular groups, day we entered into the Buv uf the war, the farmers of Canada had there electing a Mayor to replace George and an integration of farm pro- Chesupioc (Chesapeake) directly very deliberately co-operated in every Gold win McDowell, who*c tenu of grams so that farmers will attend without any let or hindrance There way possible to meet the needs for food • Ins expired, and to replace Messrs ‘ meetings to obtain any desired type we landed and discovered a little Ami they would- no doubt continue to ,	George Alfred II «ward. William Clifford ,	of information.	way, but we could find nothing worth
1943: Canada::~There are a few varieties of bat which do not hibernate, including the Red Bat, the Hoary, and the Silver-haired. Some live In the forests of Washington or , eating Insects during the summer, but when winter comes they migrate southward.
1943: Sunday, Jan. 3 has been proclaimed as a day of prayer and intercession for the United Nations cause and for a "speedy and favorable peace that shall be founded on understanding and justice, to the end that peace shall endure,”~ it was announced last week in an extra edition of the Canada Gazette.
1943: Canada::~Fom the standpoint of the aver- , age radio listener in , few changes have been visible. With scarcely any major exceptions most of the popular national and international broadcast features have been maintained. In spite of the rigors of war the customary routine of news, entertainment, education and instruction has continued over the ether waves on a scale comparable with similar services during days of peace. Radio has continued to provide a rapid means of dissemination of war news, and it has been extensively used as a medium of public information on questions related to our war effort . . . perhaps even more so than was the case in 1941. About the only outward and visible indication of change has been the shortening
1943: Canada::~Behind the scenes of radio, however, 1942 has seen many changes and many causes of anxiety. There has been, of course, a period of transition of working staffs due mainly to enlistment in the armed forces. This has been particularly true of engineering staffs. The armed services have sought technicians for special duty, particularly with the Royal Air Force and its branches. The radio broadcasting industry, frequently to its embarrassment, has responded loyally to the call. Often young, inexperienced engineers have stepped into the breech and carried on.gg0^g eral cases young women, with brief training have successfully taken over the control panels from the men. There are now several young women in sole charge of the engineering and transmission equipment of the smaller radio broadcasting units in . The transition has taken place smoothly, and, in most cases with surprising efficiency.
1943: United States:Canada:~So behind the scenes of radio broadcasting, the busin-c.ts of carrying on has become increasingly difficult. My guess is that it will become progressively more difficult in 1943. works of the , as well as individual stations in  have found it necessary to establish a "pool" for replacement equipment, and it is becoming quite the vogue for stations to "swap" parts and technical apparatus.
1943: Canada::~The Increasing demand on transAtlantic aircraft capacity for vital war supplies has created an aV most complete absence of space on aircraft. Conditions have become so acute In recent weeks that practically all correspondence prepaid at air mall rates has had to be dispatched from  to Great Britain by ship.
1943: Canada:United States:~The same situation has obtained as regards the dispatch of air mails from the United States and also In the reverse direction from Great Britain to both  and i the .
1943: Canada::~That means we would be able to fatten 10,000,000 more hogs. The whole of  will not produce 8,000,000 In the next year. We couldn’t possibly find the breeding stock to produce another 10,000,000 hogs, and we couldn't process them if we did produce them.
1943: Canada::~It takes a ton of wheat, about 36 bushels, to fatten a two-year-old steer. So 160,000,000 bushels would fatten almost 5,000,000 beef cattle. There were only 8,300,000 cattle of all kinds, including nearly 4,000,000 milk cows, on all the farms of  In 1941, Where would the Western farmers get w 6,000,000 beef cattle to fatten on their surplus wheat? So It is not as easy as It sounds to convert, wheat Into pork and beef. It would be fine If we could do It during the war, but what would do with all that production after the war?
1943: Canada::~Every duly registered person whose registration certificate has been lost, destroyed, worn out or defaced, should obtain a duplicate certificate. (Necessary forms and instructions for this purpose may be obtained from any Postmaster in .)
1943: Sliawvllle Women's Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. Edgar Hod gins on Monday evening Feb 8th, at S 00 o'clock. Program : Legislation, by Mrs. It. (». Hudgins, Roll call—~Name a city in Canada and give province. Assisting ho*t-ew es will be Mrs. Gordon Brownlee ami Mrs. Harold Judd.
1943: Canada::~In the United Church parsonage, James V Findlay to Rad lord The National Film Board of I shawville, on Wednesday after- church for the funeral service. A  are providing an evening n(,on, Jan. 27th, Roberta Edith telegram was received at that of Him* showing in talking pic- Bennett, daughter ot Mrs. Robert moment, conveying the sari news tines sr me of the high points ot Bennett, of Murrells, Que . and that his sister. Mrs. llioma* the war. The feature film will be the late Mr. Bennett, was united Wright, of Wiimigeg, had passed “Inside Fighting China’ showing hn manxage to Dalton Ralph away on Monday, at Winnipeg, the war ill that stricken country. Richardson, son of Mr. and Mrs She wa* 75 years of age.	j
1943: Canada::~Made in , “Aspirin’/ is the trademark of The Bayer Company. Limited. If you don’t see the Bayer cross on each tablet, it isn't Aspirin.
1943: harsh purgatives, try all-bran’s "Better Way" to correct the cause of constipation due to the lack of the right kind of “bulk” in the diet. Bat it daily and drink plenty of water, but remember, all bran doesn't work like a cathartic; it takes time, all bran is sold at your grocer’s in two convenient size packages; at restaurants in individual serving packages. Made by Kellogg’~s in London. Canada.
1943: The four British “Blitz Scouts,”~ who toured Canada and the United States telling of Boy Scout war service in Britain, finally reach home. They are welcomed at Paddington, London, by the Chief Scout of the Empire, Lord Somers, Sir Percy Everett, Deputy Chief Scout, and an evacuee Scout
1943: ft; 00 than ever U required to meet the de-1 .13 :>:»~ mards ut the fighting forces and the : h 00 people ot Canada. The nearesi Domin-j
1943: Canada::~during February. Buy them by the folder for $4.00, returning $5.00 at maturity. Miss  in uniform will assist us Saturdays.
1943: The intent and ability of the free enterprise system to meet the challenge of the post war world was the keynote of an address by Morris W. Wilson, President and Man: gî~ng Director of The Royal of Canada at the bank's 4th Annual Meeting.
1943: “~Unhappily there have been casualties. Thirty-four of our young whose names are recorded in the printed proceedings of this meeting, have given their lives in the service of Canada. These names are held in honour, and we pay tribute to their memory."
1943: Canada::~were in .
1943: Canada:Canada:~"Commercial Loans in  expanded during the year $18,365,665, and are now $255,148,401. Included in this amount are temporary loans of $42,971,183 to assist purchasers of Victory Ronde. As there was but a small total of such loans current at the end of the previous year, it will be seen that ordinary commercial loans are considerably lower as compared with a year ago. Considering the tremendous expansion in business activity throughout , the situation is anomalous, but the explanation Is that the expansion is largely in connection with war work. This is either financed directly by the Government, or, because of I prompt settlement for monthly or fortnightly accounts, the manu-I facturer is able to finance without any, or at any rate with very moderate, assistance. There has never been a period in the history I of this bank—and I may say a I similar situation applies to the other banks—when the ratio of commercial loans to deposits has I been so low. The outlook in this I respect is not encouraging, as unI fortunately the tendency seems to be for the Government to extend its policy of directly financing industry engaged in war work."
1943: Canada::~"During the war period our staff . in  has increased from .5,165 to 6,049, the new members being almost all young women. Our male staff la now reduced to 38 per cent, of the total and it is not uncommon to find that at a branch with 15 to 20 employees there are only 4 or 6 men. 1 cannot speak too highly of the manner in which these new members of our staff, many without any previous husi- j ness experience, have carried on 1 their duties, often under difficult conditions. . Routine work has increased as a result of war activity, The handling of Victory Loan applications and the negotiation of
1943: Canada::~"There are plenty of hardheaded people in  who, for instance, have money in the bank; there are more than five million deposit accounts, totalling more than $3,300 million. Your bank alone has substantially over one million deposit accounts. There are more than three million Canadians holding their country’~s Victory Bonds, War Savings Certificates or other government obligations. There are more than four million individual holders of life insurance policies in Canada. These are the people who, alert to their own well-being, will tell the theorists and agitators what changes are acceptable in the mode of life which, with all the faults it may possess, has produced these savings and these bulwarks of personal and family security. These are the people who must be considered by those who seek to influence the course of events." '
1943: AN OFFER TO EVERÏ INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co., Registered Patent Attorney»~, 273 Bank Street, Ottawa, Canada.
1943: Lydia E. Plnkham’s Vegetable pound not only helps thly pain but also weak, nerv-feeltngs- due to monthly functional disturbance». It helps build up resistance against distress of "difficult days.”~ Made in Canada.
1943: Canada::~In the Dominion of .
1943: Bell disclosed that 7,000 ’~planes had been made in Canada since the industry was than three years ago. he added, more than 1,200 are in
1943: Be sure you get GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules, the genuine and original Dutch Drops—~packed in Canada. Get a 40c package from your druggist.
1943: WIDE SEIÆ~CTION, THRILLING and exciting stories. Send only 25c for 4 back numbers; Westerns, Love. Candid Confessions, True Detective Cases, Fun Parade. Famous Crime Cases, etc., by one of Canada's largest Publishers of Magazines. Send for Free catalogue of Book Post Office Box 232. Department W.P., Toronto. Ontario.
1943: Lydia B. Plnkham’s Vegetable Compound not only helps relieve monthly pain but also weak, nervous feelings—~due to monthly functional disturbances. It helps build up resistance against distress of "dim-cult days." Made in Canada.
1943: Canada::~OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions end full information sent free. The Ramsay Co., Registered Patent Attorneys. 27$ Bank Street, Ottawa, .
1943: Canada::~Can you remember not so long ago when people were coaxed to help out the apple industry of  by purchasing and eating apples? Where are the good apples today at a reasonable price for the household? Oranges brought all the way from Call* fornia are in much more popular demand than the Canadian apple. Even the Canadian black walnut has gone into the luxury class at 70 cents for a six-quart basket —St. Catharines Standard
1943: Canada::~The Independent Majority of the Steelworkore of Steel Co. of  ran the following advertisement in the Hamilton .spectator January 23 and paid for it out of their own pocket*:
1943: Out of Doors In Winter . • •~ By C. J. Hylander .... The MacMillan Company of Canada . . . Price $1.75.
1943: Canada::~We think the idea of a steel strike should make every citizen of  as hopping mad as it makes us. How would you tee. if through determined action of an organized minority you were forced to stop working in what you knew to be a vital part of our war effort.
1943: Canada::~Seventeen of 's corvettes, it was also disclosed, took part in the United Nations invasion of North Africa.
1943: Canada::~Continued menace of the German submarine and the success of 's fleet of small, fast corvettes In combating it have caused the champions of the small craft to urge its use on a more extended scale. . ,
1943: Canada::~but a bagatelle in with what the people of  would have had to pay out if there had been no prices ceiling.
1943: Canada::~The truth is that a prices Ceiling in  has workc '. it has not worked as easily as its authors hoped it would ; has brought a lot of grief and difficulty; hut it has
1943: Canada::~Beginning March ist, the 3,100 branches of the Chartered Banks of , undertake another wartime service, namely Ration Coupon Banking. It is a vital part of the nation-wide rationing program.
1943: CANADA::~The  STARCH COMPANY UaM
1943: 18.000.	000 stamps and worth about $4,600,000, says Maclean’~s Magasine. The sooner these folders are filled and converted into War Savings Certificates the better, both for those who hold them and for Canada. Stamps do not interest until they have become Certificates, and 6,000,000 converted folders mean $20,000,000 for Canada now and $25.000,000 for their holders in 7% years.
1943: Canada::~Aspirin is made in , and "Aspirin ' is the trademark of The Bayer Company, Limited. Look for the Bayer cross on every tablet. If you don’t see the cross, it isn’t Aspirin.
1943: Canada::~Raincoats for 's armed forces are now being made ot ordinary côtton shirting, weatherproofed with a chemical the basis of ingredients of which are limestone, natural gas and salt.
1943: Canada::~Official reports from National Salvage Headquarters show that the Province of Manitoba leads all others in the total quantity of material salvaged on the basis of population. It is not mere coincidence that Manitoba Boy Scouts have been among the most active in  in the salvage drives.
1943: Canada::~ing over Came the call of the Canadian army and the return of Jimmie to Toronto to sign up with the currently talked of Army Show. But Jimmie came back to  for more than an army assignment— he came back to ‘the girl he left behind him’ . . . who is she? None other than the daughter of the who put Jimmie into his first
1943: Canada::~The interests of Canadian citizens of moderate means can best be served by "owning a share in ,” Mr. Ilsley said Previous loans, including the third Victory Loan which provided $001,000,000 from more than 2.000.000 subscribers, had given
1943: The word “Empire”~ is the stumbling block for many who do not understand. There is nothing imperialistic about Canada or Australia or New Zealand or South Africa; or, for that matter, the United Kingdom in these days.
1943: Canada:United States:~The people of  are as free end as individualistic as the people of the . They did not have to go into this war.
1943: Canada:Canada:~They have learned jhat delightful desserts, made easily and at little cost with  Corn Starch, are a welcome addition to meals prepared in accordance with ’s Food Rules.
1943: Canada::~They know the high quality of  Com Starch ensures fine, smooth results.
1943: Canada::~Follow 's Food ÊJm for Hoalth and Fitnoss.
1943: CANADA::~A product of the  STAICH COMPANY, Urnîfed
1943: Canada::~These books tell whether certain varieties are suitable to  and also give important points such as time of planting, resistance or lack of resistance to frost, height, color, season of blooming, whether scented, and also the suitability of the flower for cutting purposes. All of these points should be taken into consideration in planning a real garden, authorities state, as only with such knowledge can a comprehensive and practical scheme be worked out.
1943: “Aspirin,”~-made in Canada, is the trademark of The Bayer Company, Limited. If you don't the Bayer cross on each tablet, it isn’t Aspirin. .
1943: Canada::~gSeggsgsAsgsg the sepp'.N ut fats,  may be fared
1943: Canada::~friends will respond promptly to this S. O. S. Tell your friends about this important -wide Salvage Campaign for Waste Fats. You appreciate that this is not a one-man job and hense our appeal to you and members of your family and your friends. Kvery kitchen is an arsenab
1943: Canada::~[f everyone in  saves as two ounces of waate cooking fat m a week, it will produce the glycerine wqoired for the gun powder tn smash Adolph, Benito and To|o. There t>
1943: Canada::~Housewife, restaurant ana lv> v o^nc i ancj minerals. One of the problems for it is their job to see that tin* r < they overcame was to make these saved Out of  s frying pans am	supplements taste good
1943: Avis est donne par les présentes, que WILLIAM LO KEN, Belleterre, Province de Qué~bec, demandera au Parliament du Canada A la présenté, au prochain, session un Bill de Divorce contre son épouse, GLACE ANNIE MUR PH Y, d’Ottawa, province d Ontario, [tour cause d'adultère et de désertion.
1943: Canada::~i depend on her for paper). Lumbering end mining f reached vast proportions in French . This Province quantities of foodstuffs to the United Nations, especially
1943: We warmly welcome all our fellow Canadians whose business brings them to Québec Province. Though our people toil night and day for our common Victory, our hospitality to visitors is as warm as of old while the quaint charm and scenic beauty of Qué~bec remain unchanged. We cordially invite . our friends in Ontario and elsewhere in Canada to visit us again when W Victory has been won.	^
1943: •~elves now, In view ef all the circumstances, and among them the stamp of wisdom which Time cannot but be seen to have put upon that policy as well as the success that has attended its execution, more than ever disposed to full continuance of th*t relationship. Canada's Prime Minister's stirring and enlightened words: "Nothing matters now but Victory" seem to us in Quebec to put the whole situation in a nutshell and to strike the one worthwhile note for Canada's performance of 1948.
1943: Canada::~nets as well, with particular emphasis on bacon, milk, butter, cheese, eggs, wool, in which we made a telling contribution to the provisioning of 's armed forces and those of her Allies. Our new and highly important industry of flax became stabilized with a production that reached
1943: Canada::~In mining, forest exploitation, and the deep-sea fishing industry were all able to come through with vast contributions in supplies and raw products to the wai of  and the United
1943: Canada::~Be sure you get the original and genui packed in . Insist on getting GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. 40c at your druggists.
1943: Canada::~both for sei vice in  and overseas, and has taken to herself a pardonable pride in what they have accompliAed in the path of duty. • These are they who have, above and beyond all, led ue today to that elevation from which, for the first time, victory is clearly in sight; and it is to them, more than to any other, that we must look for the consummation of our hopes in the coming year. Quebec's financial contribution the war effort continued strong, proving an outstanding factor in the sustaining of the eountry’s morale. To feel able to pay one’s way ha# a tonic effect the spirits, amongst nations and peoples a# well a# amongst individuals. Our people have waxed more and more enthu s:asti# as time has gone on in making Aetr Individual money contributions to the nation’s expanding
1943: Russia:United States:~From plantings in Canada last year, plus supplies obtained from  and the , enough roots are available to allow the planting of 35 acres this Spring at experimental farms and stations, and, if the yield is good, the commercial plantings will be possible.
1943: Ln the eve of the big Canadian National Railway»~ meetings throughout the Central Region to organize for the Victory Loan Campaign, Major F. L. C. Bond, D.S.O., regional vice-president and general manager, (centre) inspected the way that Canada's varied supplies and munitions are rushed from factory to sea-port. He U here shown looking over shipments of pontoons built at a Georgian Bay port. He was accompanied by G. À~. Stokes, general superintendent Southern Ontario District (left), in charge of the Victory Loan Campaign for that territory, and J. W. Wardlaw, general superintendent of transportation (right), of the regional campaign committee. Major Bond, in a message urging all Canadian National men to buy Victory Bonds to the fullest possible extent, pointed out that more than any other body of workers, the railway men knew from observation and experience Canada's tremendous war contribution for they were called upon to move it daily on the first leg of the trip to the world's fighting fronts.
1943: Canada::~Not to Increase but merely to maintain the present lew meat ration in the United Kingdom,  must, if possible, send even more meat overseas, the Wartime Prices and Trade Board stated last week
1943: ‘~ In 1943 Canada's supply of meat, after allowing for existing export contracts, will be no greater than In 1942 and may be a little less."
1943: “~Consumer demand in Canada le almost certain to be
1943: Canada::~Shipments by freight were chiefly made through the Buck-shee Fund maintained by the Canadian I.egion and the Overseas Tobacco League of . With other organizations counted, the cigarette shipments were about 8,000,000 a month probably less than 10 per cent of cigarettes shipped overseas.
1943: CANADA::~LADIES! No doubt you wish to make money! Our Agency offers you tne means of doing so, and. for Just part of your time. If Interested, write us and we will send along our terms. AVON PRODUTCS OF , LIMITED, 1015 St. Alexander Street, Montreal.
1943: Canada::~WORLD'S GREATEST try in Spiritual Science Blrthdutc and $1 to P.O. Box 801 Ottawa, .
1943: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co.. Registered Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street, Ottawa. .
1943: Canada::~The role of the Vmartian farmer in this war is a tremendously imputant one. In common with all other Lana-dians he is faced with burdens and difficulties unknown in peacetime, but Ins primary responsibilities are to produce as much food as possible* to rv duce farm debts and to lend his surplus money to .
1943: When this has been done an) siirpm* saving.-should go into X ictory l’~'*tul>. A X ictory Bond, backed by all the sources of the Dominion tt Canada, u the safest investment that can be made. A farmer w ho is saving to pay debt that will fall due some time in future can do no better than put hr* savings into X ictory Bonds, his mom ) will be safe and lit will receive double
1943: Canada::~The other day this happened, says the Halifax Herald. An ordinary box of matches, wrapped in a single sheet of paper, burst into flame while it was being sorted at a base post-office in . Fortunately, because the staff was quick to act, no one was hurt and no damage was done.
1943: Canada::~tell you it is. Aspirin is made in  and is the trademark of The Bayer Company. Limited.
1943: You can buy ALL-BRAN at your grocer’s in either of two conveniently sized packages. Made by Kellogg’~s in London, Canada.
1943: Canada::~something we can neither escape nor avoid. Victory has to be paid for ... let us face the price squarely.  MUST have Five Billion, Five Hundred Million Dollars for this fourth year of war. Where is this huge sum to come from?
1943: Canada::~The present session of Parliament is likely to keep the people's representatives in Ottawa until mid-summer, but In and out of parliamentary recess and after Parliament disbands, the best experts that 's Civil Service and private industry can provide, continue to wrestle with the detail of wartime controls such as civilisation has never before attempted.
1943: rural housewives have always been iu the habit of “~putting down" more fruit. Not only Is this customary but in most areas in Canada necessary. Farm women for the most part must “preserve" a very considerable supply of fruit and store It In their own cellars, otherwise their cupboards would be pretty bare In winter time when cold and ice and snow prevent them from going far afield for provisions. It Is generally recognised that the city housewife has easier access to industrial supplies of commercially canned goods and uses them to a much greater extent than the country
1943: Canada::~HAVE SUBSTANTIAL EARN-log opportunity for houaewives And other women who want to rn but unable to devote time office or factory work. Avon Products of  Limited, 1011 t. Alexander Street. Montreal.
1943: CANADA::~SELF FEED  RAISE more poultry—and specialise on Tweddle Chick*. By specializing
1943: Canada::~Send your filma direct to 's largest photo finishing studio for
1943: IeCOMB Â~ DETECTIVE. MEN over 18 wanted everywhere In Canada to learn detective work. Practical easy course by •'orree-pondence. Information free. C. M. Julien, Box 26, Station T. Montreal	___________
1943: Canada::~Only firm In  manufacturing ladies' and gentlemen’s hair goods exclusively. Write us for particulars.
1943: Canada::~ILL PAY THE FOLLOWING prices for Goose and Duck feathers: Goose feathers, 68c lb.: Duck feathers, 48c lb.  Comforter Co. Limited. 736 Dundee 8t. East. Toronto. Ont.
1943: Lydia E. Plnkham’a Vegetable Compound not only helps ¦> _ thly pain but also wea! ous reelings—~due to monthly func-I tlonal disturbances. It helps build up I resistance against distress of "diffl-1 cult days." Made in Canada.
1943: Canada::~to depend to a greater extent on lime- \ In charge of the clinic is a psy-stone in feeding poultry. High calcium , chiatrist who directed the Peoria,' limestone, which is relatively cheap and 111., mental hygiene clinic held twice of which there are many deposits in weekly last year , makes a satisfactory substitute rangement with the Kenosha county for oyster shell and, if prrperly graded, medical society, the psychiatrist m «y he fed in the same manner.	; may engage in private practice in
1943: Canada::~Boy Scout training la so valuable for boy# later going Into military service, that Col. O. C. M, drier, head of 's Army Cadet* has urged boys who Join the Cadets to retain their membership ig the Boy Scouts. So much of the training in the Scouts, he said, Is what we want to have the Cadets
1943: Canada::~Col. drier, incidentally, of the first Boy Scouts In , being a member of one of the earliest Scout Troops In Toronto. He Is a son of ti-ir Wylie drier, the eminent Canadian art-
1943: When Queen Elisabeth visited Calgary in 1939 she presented Scout R. B. Rasmusson with his King’s Scout badge and remarked, "You’~ll be a great man some day." Rasmusson Is doing bis best to fulfil the Queen's prediction now that he Is In the R.C.A.F. He obtained highest marks In all Canada in his ground school class, the highest marks in hi# class In his wireless course, and was awarded the Gerald Murphy award as the most promising pilot In a specially selected class.
1943: Canada::~In most parts of  the average garden will now be planted with the earlier types of vegetables and flowers. This does not mean, however, that it is too late to make a start. As a matter of fact, most authorities agree, the average beginner makes a mistake in ceasing planting too soon. If one desires continuous bloom throughout the season or a continuing supply of really fresh vegetables, planting should be continued right up to the 1st of July.
1943: Canada::~With flowers, It is still not too late in most parts of , and only early enough in the colder sections to plant nasturtiums, gladioli, dahlias, and to set out well-started bedding plants of cosmos, zinnias, alyssum, etc. obtainable from the nearest seed house, nurseryman or greenhouse. These started plants in both vegetables and flowers will allow one to have blooming flowers or maturing vegetable gardens In a few weeks.
1943: Canada::~In American waters the pilchard ranges in abundance off the Pacific shore from 's Queen Charlotte islands to t{ie Gulf of Califor nia. While Oregon and Washington fishermen know it as the pilchard to Californians it is known almns* exclusively as the California sardine. Large commercial quantities arc landed at Monterey, Los Angeles, San Francisco and San D.cgt in the main season, August throng! February.
1943: Given a reward for extinguishing a fire in a summer cottage at Port Colborne, Ont., five members of the First Colborne Scout Troop sent the $10 to the Chins Up Fund, which is operated by Canadian Scouts for the benefit of British Scouts who have been blitzed. Up to the present time more than $.’~17.000 has been sent to British Scouts by 'he Cubs and Scouts of Canada.
1943: Canada::~The new order approximately doubles the number of various kind* of machinery and equipment which may be manufactured, although only the most essential units will be produced or imported. Additions to the production schedule for Eastern , British Columbia and the irrigated districts of the Prairie Provinces include 11-run grain drills, two-row potato planters, 10-foot cut true 'or grain binders, aerated or surface type milk coolers, power potato sprayers and dusters. Machinery and equipment requiring rubber tires may not be made on permit, but a limited number of rubber tire tractors and combines Will he made and farm equipment rationing officers will release them when necessary.
1943: 1 large (or 2 small) eggs 8 tablespoons sugar 1 ty teaspoons salt 1 ‘i teaspoons dry mustard 1 tablespoon BENSON’~S OR CANADA CORN STARCH
1943: Russia:Canada:~Poison ivy and many other noxious weeds can be killed easily with a spray solution of a new chemical brought out by the du Pont laboratories. Known as ammonium sulfamate (not sulfate), the compound is non-polsonous and free from fire hazard. It sterilizes the soil for a brief period only. Weeds killed by spraying with ammonium sulfamate inelude poison oak, choke cherry, wild blackberries, n,  and thistles. Destruction follows absorption of the chemical into the foliage and thence down to the roots.
1943: Lydia B. Plnkham'e Vegetable Compound not only helps relieve monthly pain but also weak, nervous feelings—~dus to monthly functional disturbances. It helps build up resistance against distress of "'dtffl-eult days. " Made In Canada.
1943: “Your work 1»~ unexcelled by any I have yet tried, and before the war I toured quite a lot in Great Britain and on the Continent. Your value, too, le unbeatable." This complimentary letter to Star Saap-ehet Service cornea from a British Airman training In Canada.
1943: WILL HAT THE FOLLOWING prices for Goose and Duck feather»~: Goose feathers, 68c lb : Duck feathers, 48c lb. Canada Comforter Co. Limited, 736 Dundee 8L East. Toronto. Ont.
1943: Canada::~The issuance of permits enabling their holders to purchase distilled liquors is a recent innovation the part of the Quebec Liquor Commission, although in other parts of  this method of regulation has always been an important feature of the Government Control system of the various Provinces. It has only been adopted in the Province of Quebec because of necessity.
1943: Canada::~"Rite Rrispics*' is a registered trade mirk of Kellogg Company of  Limited, for its brand of men popped rite. Get some today !
1943: Perez-Gomez, of Mexico City. Luis ctfTne to Ottawa more than a year ago and was unable I» speak a word of English. Dominion and District Headquarters of the Boy Scouts assisted the lad and cared for him while he attended Ottawa Technical School to learn English. Later he was admitted into the R.C.À~.F., and he received his wings at the hands of the Governor-General, the Earl of Athlone, who, incidentally, is the Chief Scout for Canada. Luis was also commissioned upon his graduation as a pilot.
1943: Canada::~Boy Scouts of  are going to do their part in re-cstab lishing Scouting in Europe after the war. Canadian Scouts will pay the cost of printing 1,000 of Lord Baden-Powell's
1943: Canada::~The average of retail prices In 61 cities In  for certain stable foods and fuel at certain dates between 1914 to 1143 are also Included In the Labor Gazette’s official analysis, and some of the contrasts between June 1120 prices and those of June 1943, are as follows: —
1943: “If the dam breaks, God help us,”~ declared Donald Gordon, Canada's lusty and forthright director of that newest and biggest economic experiment of modern civilization, war time price controls, before the Weekly Newspaper Association Convention In Toronto.
1943: United States:Canada:~In the , the cost of living rose 24 per cent, and the cost of food 46 per cent, between January, 1941 and May, 1948. In  the cost of living went up 12 per cent, and the cost of food 18 per cent, in the similar period.
1943: Canada::~Farmers in Eastern  may have been finding it difficult recently to obtain western barley. Offerings to dale have not always been epu tl to the demand Oils, however, are much m »ie i • . lily ;tv-.il tUe Feeds Administrator, states, and East ern farmers are urged to buy on ta now and take lull advantage of existing transportation facility a
1943: Canada::~done a more confirm us flow of feed grain to EtrtiTn  will be maintained. said Mr. Pressnt.
1943: Canada::~More than 8,000,000 Americans, many in the prime of lifef suffer from arthritis, one of the most prevalent chronic disabling diseases in that nation, as it also is in , says The Stratford Beacon-Herald. But favorable results obtained with a relatively new treatment of 260 cases of the most crippling form of arthritis are reported in the current ¦ of Industrial Medicine by R G. Snyder, Willard H. Squires and John W. Forster of the Hospital for Special Surgery,
1943: From whence comes its strength —from whence the power to resist the destructive forces of the wind? I suppose the answer is— the strength of the tree is in its r^ots. And that somehow makes think of the war, and of the great multitude of people who go to make up the Allied strength. All of us like trees—~some big, some small, and like trees, of a different fibre. Some strong like the oak, others akin to the less sturdy calibre of the basswood But yet each, according to strength, standing up against the evil winds of war. Bending and swaying maybe, but not breaking. Not breaking because our roots are set firn.ly and deeply in the soil of Canada and of the British Empire as a whole.
1943: Canada::~The Shawville Calf Club was represented at the Junior Fair staged by Central  Exhibition Association, at Renfrew on October Ut and 2nd, by Billy Horner, Ronald, Douglas and Laurie MacKeclinie.
1943: Canada::~One of the remarkable developments of the war has been the ability of  to "in a nee Its
1943: Canada::~Eastern 's Abandoned Farms
1943: usa:Canada:~In Eastern Canada there are between 12,000 and 13,000 farms, covering about one and one half million acres, which have been abandoned and have been idle for some time. This condition exists despite the fact that many thonds of acres of new, wooded land have been cleared and settled In some parts of Eastern  during the last ten years. So states an official of the Central Experimental Farm. ,
1943: complimentary letter to Star Saap-•~het Service comes from a British Airman training In Canada.
1943: Canada::~AMAZING PREDICTIONS. PROPHecies, Philosophies prevents insanity, hate, crime, accidents, broken marriages, worry. (Price* less). Order now, send one dollar to l .O. Box 801. Ottawa. .
1943: CANADA::~TO THE HOLDERS OF ROMIHION OF  5% BOMS DUE AM DATABLE AT PAH OCTOBER IS, 1143 AND 4% BONDS DOE OCTOBER IS, 1945 (which have been called for payment at par on October 15,1943)
1943: Canada:usa:~The travels of Bishop Newn-ham in northern  began with a voyage by aea of 69 days from Stromness, Scotland, to Moose Fort in James Bay, through the treacherous ice fields of the Arctic Ocean and Hudson Bay From 1891 to 1904 this indefatigable young man travelled thonds of miles by canoe and portage ; on foot and on snow-shoes; by dog train and ship, visiting the outposts of his enormous Missionary Diocese of Moosonee.
1943: Canada::~These trips are vividly described, demonstrating forcibly the courage, the strength of mind and body which were necessary in undertaking them. In these days when the aeroplane has made such trips a thing of the past, it is stimulating to read how less than fifty years ago travelling in northern , was such a perilous and arduous undertaking.
1943: Canada::~Macmillan Company of  • . . Price $2-50.	#
1943: Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps, the Royal Canadian Navy nursing service and the R.C.A.F. —~women of Canada are sharing the burden of battle. The first w jmen to reach Sicily after the invasion of the island on July 1# were a group of Canadian nursing sisters who attended the wounded behind the front line. There are also 250 Canadian nurses serving with the South African military nursing service. Forty women doctors are working with the Canadian Armed Services.
1943: Canada::~More and more  is coming to lean on the women of the nation to help her through the present struggle. Gradually women are being drawn out from their
1943: ï~ es, a day will come. take his place in a Canada he helped make safe for
1943: Canada::~A VICTORY BOND is the promise of the Dominion of  to repay in cash the face value of the Bond on the date of maturity with half-yearly
1943: Canada::~interest until that time Bond is the safest investment in  backed by the entire resources of the
1943: Canada::~Poultry Buyers from  Packers Limited, will be at our Store on Saturday, Dec. 11th, to buy Dressed Poultry of all kinds. Highest market prices paid.
1943: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay, Co., Registered Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street. Ottawa, .
1943: Canada::~WILL MAKE SUBSTANTIAL CASH payment on suitable farm. Modern buildings and conveniences preferred. Box 96. 73 Adelaide St. W., Toronto, .
1943: Canada::~Only firm In  manufacturing ladies'1 and gentlemen’s hair goods exclusively. Write us for particu-
1943: Canada::~Follow 's Food Rules for Health and Fitness
1943: CANADA::~TUI  STARCH COMPANY, limit,#
1943: The navy will be glad to hear that there is to be no delay in the delivery •~ of two British-built cruisers and possibly six destroyers to Canada, says The Ottawa Citizen. According to the Naval Minister, Angus Macdonald, there is a friendly difference between British and Canadian authorities over financial arrangements. The British would like Canada to accept the warships as a straight gift without cash payment At Ottawa, however, it is the Department of Finance’~s view that Canada should buy the ships ; they could easily cost $20,000,000.
1944: Canada::~Nobody should get excited over the possibility that the butter ration in  may have to be cut this winter, as it was last, says The Ottawa Journal.
1944: Canada::~Wliat program* are most listened to In ? Here's the chance to check with your personal preferences. According to the latest survey, they are as follows;
1944: Russia:Canada:~lu the elevation of Canadian Ministers to the United States, , China and Brazil to the rank of Ambassador*  Is taking steps designed to guard her interests In a post war world where even the most widely separated nations will he ' neighbors", at a distance of a mere couple of days air travel.
1944: Canada:Canada:~The guarding of 's Interests means much more than the mere protection of her economic concerns or the preservation of her rights to this or that item of commercial value. It means also the creation of understanding. so far as possible, of the Canadian people, their position in the British Commonwealth of Nations, their manner of living. their liking for fair play and their peace-loving nature as well ns their wartime accomplishments In the commercial sphere. Of course it means as well the dissemination of knowledge of what  can produce from her soil and from her factories, and that she Is prepared to trade with the world on a fair basis and with integrity and justice.
1944: Canada::~If one wants m consider the advisability of  taking step, to present her viewpoint with full dignity abroad one has only to ponder on the extent to
1944: Canada:United States:~It was perfectly natural that 's first embassy should be created in the capital of her powerful and peacelovlng neighbor, the  of America. It is apparent that the Importance of Anglo Saxon understanding rests to no small degree upon the continuance for all time of the goodwill which has marked Canadian-American relations.
1944: Russia:Canada:~That embassies should follow quickly in  and China Is also no surprise, and the elevation of our Brazilian legation to the rank of an Embassy only underlines the amazing speed with which Canadian friendship with the Latin Americas is being cemented. ’s friendly Interest in the Latin Americas has Increased enormously since the outbreak of war and links of understanding are being forged which are Important to the future.
1944: Canada:Canada:~Ills Excellency the Governor-General. Chief Scout for  has approved of the week of February 20-26 as Boy Scout Week In .
1944: Canada::~It was 13 years ago on Nov. 18 that Brantford recorded its last case of diphtheria, markable record, which is actually without parallel in , or anywhere else, as far as is known, with regard to communities of this size, has been made possible by toxoid.
1944: Canada::~Brantford was among the first cities in  to institute a thoroughgoing diphtheria-prevention policy, a fact for which its medical officer of health and successive health boards and councils deserve grateful credit.
1944: Canada:Canada:~The extension of.Canadian representation throughout the nations of the world means, not that  Is lessening or weakening her ties with the great Commonwealth of which she is a part.  already has assumed a leading role in the settlement of postwar problems, notably food * relief, and has to “grow up" accordingly.
1944: Canada::~Let's back  by living like Canadians. Canadians are honest, unselfish, clean, free and united. Are we? All of the time?
1944: Canada::~LEARN METASCIENCE AND make money. Remarkable drugless healing. Unbelievable eim-1 pllclty and results. Inexpensive correspondence course. Write to: Metascience of . Drawer 6, Fortierville, Que.________________
1944: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full information sent free. The Ramsay Co., Registered Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street. Ottawa, .
1944: Canada::~Get prompt mail service on quality work at low cost. Satisfied customers all over  will tell you that Star Snapshot Service does the best work.
1944: Canada::~Snapshots can never be taken again. Send your rolls to 's largest and finest finishing studio—
1944: Canada::~Only firm In  manufacturing ladles’ and gentlemen’s hair goods exclusively. Write ue for particulars.
1944: Canada::~all-b*an Is made by Kellogg s to London, .
1944: Canada::~Trans- Air Lines
1944: Canada:Canada:~A new series of , drama*, produced under the direction of Andrew Allan got under way over the C.B.C. Trans- network last Sunday evening at the nine o'clock hour, title "Stage 44" this series will feature^lr&mas written by 's leading playwrights. Last Sunday and for the next two Sundays, the plays presented arc from the pen cf Fletcher Matkle, who attraefed considerable attention a year ago with the dramatic sequence "Baker's Dozen". Fletcher Marklc ^himself is now overseas with the R.C.A.F.
1944: Canada::~Certified seed potatoes are being with-help from export to meet the require-meats of Canadian growers, but, the Plant Protection Division, Dominion Department of Agriculture points out, demands for these potatoes from other countries are very strong. Supplies not needed for planting in  should he ieteased for export in March before the season in the U. S. A. is too far advanced for planting This means that orders for certified seed potatoes should he placed without delay while supplies are still available.
1944: Canada:Canada:~the requirements of Canadian growers ; but the demands from outside _are very strong and supplies not needed for planting in  should be released for export in March before the season in the U.S.A. is too far advanced
1944: Canada::~" Vntil recently the production o! the sunflower in  was restricted chiefly to use for ensilage in areas not suited to * he production of corn, and to a lesser extent in the garden, where it served to provide seeds which were eaten much as peannt* are, or as a border
1944: Canada::~Interest in the sunflower as \x grain crop came about largely because, of the shortage of edidle vegetable foils in  soon after the outbreak of the present war, statss Dr. T. M. Stevenson. Dominion AgrosPdgoist, Central Kx-$>erimental Farm, Ottawa.
1944: Canada::~"The voluntary response of our staff to our country's call has been magnificent", said Mr Boh-son, "and there are now 2,128 mess in the armed forces. Of this number 2.009 were employed In , which is equivalent to 69% of our Canadian staff of military age at the outbreak of war.
1944: Canada::~The threat to the personal liberty of all Canadians, Inherent In the plane of the socialiste for the nationalisation of Canadian Industry, was emphasised by Morris W. Wilson, President of The Royal Bank of , at the bank's Annual Meeting.
1944: Canada::~Mr. Wilson reviewed the tremendous role  had played in this mightiest war of all time and the manner in which workmen and enterprisers alike had cooperated In it. "Despite this fact," he said, "we are being told by all the publicity methods revolutionary partisans can devise, that In order to win the peace we must change our entire economic system and launch out Into new and untried paths, under new and inexperienced leaders. The theorists and visionaries who preach these doctrines of an economic revolution may be thoroughly honest ami sincere, tint the fact remains that the principles they advocate can only lead, as a final and Inevitable result, to pletely regimented economy, and on this point I cannot do better than quote the Editor of the London Economist, a well-known writer of liberal views:
1944: Canada::~"I am more convinced than ever that the menace of socialistic teaching is one which closely affects everyone in  in both his business and private life.
1944: Canada::~These advocates of a new order have an astounding scheme, which will result in nothing less than complete regimentation of .
1944: Canada::~businessmen, we deplore the rise of this creed, because we firmly believe that Implementation of the socialist plan would ruin this generation and set  back turles.
1944: Sl 2% First Mortgage Bonde due July î~nd, 1961 Payable in Canada, New York and London, Eng. Denominational $100, $500 and $1,000 -At the market, to yield about 6% ,
1944: “~The course of the socialist party In Canada has been charted for in several books which make clear that nothing short of complete socialisation of the means of production and finance will satisfy the party. That means domination of every phase of economic life, including agriculture, labour and capital. Therefore, because we all fall into one or other of the classes, it means domination of every individual.
1944: Canada::~Mr. Wilson suggested that It was not simply due to chance that banking the world over had tlnued in private hands, but that the people and the Governments had considered It advisable from every point of view that banking should be free of political and partisan Influences. He reminded his audience that Canadian banks were already effectively controlled by the Bank of  and that further Intervention by the Government In the banking business would, In him belief, be superfluous and would not be welcomed by the majority who deal with the banks.
1944: United States:Canada:~In all plans for the rehabilitation of devastated countries the  and  would be looked to as leaders, he said.
1944: THIS STRAIN IS A â’K ACTUAL, proven ega-producing type, with t went*-three years of steady production hack of them. They will pay well for good k*ep and care Thin is certain, because they are doing this on our own farm—~ one of Canada's largest t gg-pro-dutitiK farms. You get exactly the same breed, strain and grade ns we raise for ourselves. Poultry management handbook “High I’ay Ability" sent FREE «most. Get our nyice list. We advise early LEIGH FARM 350B, Brantford, Ontario
1944: The story deals with Jack Miner’~s activities with special atress on his conservation, efforts W bird life, which benefit both Canada and the United States. There are several paragraphs dealing with his methods of band-Mg the birds to study their migration routes, each band having _ # verse of Scripture. The entire Magraphy will be profusely ilius-throughout with colored
1944: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Vnformation sent free. The Ramsay, Co., Registered Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street. Ottawa, :
1944: Canada::~Get prompt mail service on quality work at low cost. Satisfied customers all over  will tell you that 8tar Snapshot Service does the best work.
1944: Canada::~Snapshots can never be taken again. Send your rolls to 's largest and finest finishing studio—
1944: Canada::~since coming to  from Bir-	,	up the legs. Ticks do not jump on
1944: Canada::~Now you can get amazingly fast relief from the stran g Iint; cough and clog g< d bronchial tubes. Just get after them with new improved Buckley's Mixture, 's largest selling cough and cold remedy. This grand prescription is all medication—no syrup and really does crack down fast.You’ll feel your cough loosening, the tough choking phlegm beginning to come up easily after the very first sip. So don't suffer coughing distress another day. Buckley's gives relief—fast
1944: Canada::~It was an instant success and National Defence Headquarters in Ottawa decided the series could be used with advantage across the country, with the result that Cap-1 tain, now Major Diespecker, Radio j Lu sion Officer for the A# my, took over production of the program. This year the program is being heard over fifty stations in  and while it’s still produced in the studios of CKCL, it now e bas a nation wide, audience. You •an probably find it in the listing of your favourite radio station under its original title of "The Army Speaks.” It's carried by CKCL, Wednesday at 810 p.m. Major Diespecker has just returned from
1944: THIS STRAIN IS A PRACTICAL, proven egg-pruduuing type, with twenty-three year» of e te ad y production back of them. They will pay well for good keep and eare. This la certain, because they are doing this on our own farm—~ Canada*»
1944: Canada::~Get prompt mal I service vu quality work at low cosL Satisfied customers all over  will tell you that Star Snapshot Service does the best work.
1944: Canada::~THIS tEAR ENJOY THE parable flavour of mont perleeW formed Unexcelled Interior solidity, ui usual size, perfect symmetry of appearance in the new Master Marglobe Tomato ensures its welcome in . A 1944 seed introduction by VV. W. Hick K So ne Limited, Lindsay, Ontario. Send 15c for Special pkt. or 26u for *4 oz. pkg. to Dept. VV.
1944: Canada::~OFFER TO INVENTORS AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co.. Registered Patent Attorneys. . 278 Bank Street Ottawa. .
1944: who heard it—~though a good wholesome scare would do a lot to arouse people to the urgent need of action. If Canada is as close to starvation as Mr. Thomas suggested, it is high time the governments and the people got busy.
1944: Canada::~Get prompt mall service on quality work at low cost Satisfied customers all over  will tell you that Star Snapshot Service does the best work.
1944: •~ospehote can never be taken agalr Bend your rolls to Canada's largest and lines! finishing studio—
1944: United States:Canada:~In the current year increased demand is anticipated while prospects for greater production are none too cheerful. Information from other Allied countries, notably the , New Zealand and Australia, reveals a situation similar to that existing in .
1944: Canada::~Protest over the failure of the Federal Government to continue the subsidies on dairy products throughout the summer months lias been registered by a delegation of some 30 members of the Dairy Farmers of . This group, representative of all branches of the dairy industry, met in Ottawa earlier this month with the Agricultural Food Board and also with the Hon. J. G. Gardiner, Minister of Agriculture, and put their case in plain language. The Minister was urged to have the Cabinet reopen the question of subsidies before May 1 when most of the subsidies now being paid on dairy products will be reduced.
1944: Canada::~Prices for seed potatoes this spring are based by the Wartime Prices and Trade Board on the ceiling price per pound for  No. 1 table stock in any zone during the period March 6 to April 2, plus a premium of one cent a pound for Certified Seed, l$j cents a pound for Foundation 'A* Seed and 2 cents a pound for Foundation Seed.
1944: Canada::~Principal Matron (Major) Dorothy I. MacRae, R.R.C. of Gould, Que., whose appointment as . Matron in Chief of the Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps Nursing Service and promotion to the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel has been announced. She succeeds Colonel Elizabeth L. Smellie, C. B. E., R. R. C. whose retirement from the R C A M.C, and return to the Victorian Order of Nurses for  took place on March S3.
1944: Get KELLOGG S ALL-BRAN at ÿOUt grocer’s today—~in either of 2 eonvettf-BBt arses. Made by Kellogg's In Lon-fia. Canada.
1944: Canada::~De WALT SAWS AND WOODWORKing Machines. Newest types available from direct factory representatives for . Quotations gladly furnished on application. DeWalt Disher Corporation Ltd.. 402 West Pender SU Vancouver, B.C.
1944: Canada::~AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions end full fnformation sent free. The Ramsay Co.. Registered Patent Attorneys, 172 Bank Street. Ottawa. .
1944: Oat finer “snaps” at lower cost — Prompt Mall Service. Send your film rolls to Star Snapshot Service to be developed and printed. This 1# Canada’s «~rgest finishing studio. serving customers all over Canada. You’ll like our work. too. Any Bis# Roll—# or I Exposures.
1944: Canada::~the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's production staff and Don Henshaw who writes the continuity, who along with their assistants are responsible for seeing that the programmes get on the air. You will find your Victory Loan . Shows on the air from 8.30 to 9.30 Wednesday nights on your nearest radio station, as all stations in  are carrying the series of broadcasts.
1944: Canada:Canada:~Only by the use of certain started plants is it possible to get flowers and vegetable maturity in some parts of . Petunias, for instance, would hardly reach blooming stage in most parts of  if sown from seed outdoors. The same is true of tomatoes, and possibly of cabbage and other things. In transplanting these from the flats or baskets in which we buy them, one should water well, and if the sun is hot :t is a good thing to provide a little shade for a day of two. Also, if these plants are in flower or are very tall, it is advisable to snip off flowers and pinch back main stems to encourage stocky growth.
1944: Canada::~odd spot of criticism about the cost of bringing American Radio Screen and Stage stars to  for these broadcasts. This criticism is entirely without any back-ground because the only cost involved is the actual travelling expenses of the artists who come here one of these outstanding stars has ever been paid.
1944: Canada:Canada:~In addition to the chore of coming to  and working on the broadcasts and toiling countless hours of rehearsal, long and tedious travelling in some cases, these American Stars make personal appearances, at no cost to the government, at our Naval, Army and Airforce centres and our War plants, and take just as much interest in ’s War effort as they do in their own. So instead of any criticism there shç~uld be heartfelt gratitude to these Stars for their contribution to Canada's War effort.
1944: Canada::As a matter of fact it was a trip in aid of ’~s War Loan that nearly cost comedian Jack Benny his life. He came to Canada with a terrible cold but in spite of this insisted carrying on with hs schedule of engagements. Not only did he carry out his original schedule but he added a number of extra ones with the resul he contracted pneumonia and was dangerously ill for some time in Chicago on ! : is way back to Hollywood.
1944: Canada::~The arrangements for securing the stars arc in the hands of a joint committee consisting of representatives from Canadian Association o f Broadcasters, t h c Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, and the Advertising Agencies of .
1944: United States:Canada:~Most of the credit for securing the stars should go to Mr. Guy Herbert of All-Canada Broadcasting Facilities, who spends many weary hours with the V ict ry Committee'of the , in securing the best available talent for ’s War Lo n Shows. .Associated with Mr. Herbert arc Mr. Glen Bannerman, Mr. H. S. Good-erham, Mr. Joe Sedgwick, Mr. Earnest Nushrell.
1944: Canada::~symptoms. Plnkham'e Compound is also a Une stomach tonic I Worth trying/ Made In .
1944: Canada::~As long as the war lasts it is going to cost  money
1944: Canada::~Indications are that for the present at least,  has reached peak milk production. At the same time consumption of fluid milk has reached an all-time record with sales still increasing. Large supplies of evaporated milk are needed for infants and those living where fluid milk is unobtainable. Substantial quantities of milk powder are required for the pound of this product that goes in every prisoner-of-war parcel and the requirements of our armed forces and ships’~ stores must be obtained from Canadian production. In addition, Mr. Olive points out, Canada has to meet the requirements of the new United Kingdom contract for 12S million pounds of cheese as well as provide cheese for the market.
1944: Canada:Canada:~Trade figures just released here show that for the first two months of the present calendar year total Canadian exports to French possessions were $6,156.000H||||||||||||||||| only $240,000 in the same period in 1943. Countries to which these shipped included .Morocco, Algeria, Corsica and Tunis. Free France, represented by the French Committee of Liberation is included in five agreements which  signed recently in connection with granting of mutual aid by  to the Allied Nations.
1944: The Department reserves the right to demand from any successful tenderer, before awarding the order, a security deposit in the form of a certified cheque on a chartered bank in»~ Canada, made payable to the order of the Honourable the Minister of Public Works, < qiial to 1C j>er cent of the amount of the tender, or Bearer Bonds of the Dominion of Canada or of the Canadian National Railway Company and its constituent companies unconditionally guaranteed as to principal and interest by the Dominion of Canada, or the aforementioned bonds and a certified
1944: Canada::~These feed.* are prepared from our formula based on the combined experience of leading Agricultural Colleges all over U S A. and , they will compare favourably with any known feeds.
1944: Is a table indicating thé best kinds and varieties of vegetables to grow, the amount of seed or plants required for garden of 50 feet and the probable turn obtainable, shows the time to &ow seed or »~et out plants for every region in Canada.
1944: Canada::~DeWALT SAWS AND WOODWORK-Jng Machines. Newest types available from direct factory representatives for  Quotation# I CSS?*,* funded on application.
1944: Arrangements arc being made to give “familiarization”~ flights in R. C A. F. aircraft to senior cadets who qualify in accordance with requirements, the Air Cadet League of Canada announced recently.
1944: Canada::~Without making much noise about it. the Air Cadet League of  has done a remarkable job. In three years about 20,000 Air Cadets have been enrolled in 370 squadrons, and this has all been done through the enthusiasm of civilian sponsoring bodies, such as schools, service clubs and business firms.
1944: Canada::~All Seegram plant# in  and the United State* are engaged in the production of high-proof alcohol. High-proof Alcohol for War ta need in the manufacturé of Smokeless Powder, Synthetic Rubber, Plasties, Drugs and many other wartime products.
1944: Canada::~Hon. and Rev. H. J. Cody, C M C , M. A.. L.L. D., D. D., D. C. L., Pre-aident of the University of Toronto, who was elected President of tha Canadian General Council of the Boy Scouts Association, on the nomination of the Governor-General, at the annual meeting of the Association in Ottawa. One of 's leading educationists, Mr. Cody succeeds the late Sir Edward Beatty.
1944: you !1 want to stay regular. Eat tatty all-bran claiTy. Grocers lavé * it in 2 handy sues. Made by Kellogg’~s in London, Canada.
1944: Canada::~Two out of every five farm dwellings in  are in need of repairs to foundations, walls, roofs, chimneys, windows or doors, the report of the subcommittee advises. Four out of five have no electricity. Tn every 100,	03 lack
1944: Maximum prices for sales of tomatoes, corn, bean* and tomato Juice produced by home canner# •~re set in a Prices Board order. Several thousand home canner#, most of them in Quebec, are affected by the order which establishes uniform prices for all sections of Canada in line with the "ceiling" for industrial canners. The new regulations apply to all canners with an output of less than 10.000
1944: Italy:Russia:~Canada's merchandise export trade reached record proportions in May, the value being $368,157,000. This was an excess of $64,700,000 over the previous monthly record established last July. Among the leading commodities exported were wheat and wheat flour; seeds, fishery products; eggs and meats; planks and boards; wood pulp, newsprint paper; motor vehicles and parts; chemicals, cartridges and shells; guns, rifles and firearms. The United Kingdom received goods to the value of $140,249,000. and the United States, $131,865,000. Other leading countries to which shipments were made included , British India, , Egypt, Australia, Newfoundland. French possessions, Switzerland. Eire, Iraq. Brazil, British South Africa and British West Africa.
1944: Canada::~women, learn hairdressing at 's finest and largest school*. Refined, dignified work. Splendid pay. Write or call for free literature. Marvel Hairdressing Schools. IS8 Bloor Street Toronto. Branchas 44 King Street. Hamilton, and 74 Rideau Street, Ottawa.
1944: Canada::~has been the leading business school in Eastern  and is still going strong. Individual instruction
1944: CANADA::~GUARANTY TRUST CO. OF , 70 Richmond St. W., Toronto.
1944: cases or 72 million dozen, —~ were purchased this year in Canada by the Special Products Board for the British Ministry of Food up to June 28. In the same period last year 1,700 carloads were purchased by the Board. Ontario, Alberta and Saskatchewan in that order contributed the greatest quantities so far this year.
1944: Canada::~has been the leading business school in Eastern  and is still going strong. Individual instruction.
1944: Canada::~When that has been accomplished will be time to deal with the farmers, and they'll be socialized and told what to do whether they like it or not. The European pattern has been planned for . It will be easy when the political bosses grab control of the banks and create sufficient chaos to make it easy to set up the kind of dictatorship they must have to socialize everything and make everyone a slave of the State.
1944: Canada::~Elimination of tea and coffee rationing in  before the end of September was forecast to the British United Press last week by a well .informed source.
1944: Canada::~has been the leading business school in Eastern  and is still going strong. Individual instruction.
1944: -SIAM is made by Kelloggs ü~r London, Canada. Your grocer nas 1U in 2 convenient sizes.	s
1944: Canada::~We have just received confidential and reliable information that one of the largest, most successful and active mining and development companies in  has recently closed a deal for a large block of partially developed properties in a well known gold district in Northern Ontario. With this advance information, one of our prospecting parties is now on its way to secure, by staking or otherwise, well located or adjoining claims in this area.
1944: Canada::~Hei e Is the chance for every person In  suffering from sore. Itching, painful piles to try a simple home remedy with the promise of a reliable firm to refund the cost of the treatment if you are not satisfied with the results.
1944: Canada::~A good response to this appeal is important to 's welfare mediately.
1944: CANADA::~THIS IS ONE OF A SEMES ISSUED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF  TO EMFHASIZE THE IMFOFIANCE OF PREVENTING FURTHER RISE IN THE COST OF UVING NOW, AND DEFLATION LATEIL
1944: Get finer "snaps" at lower cost —~ Prompt Mall Service. Send your film rolls to Star Snapshot Service to be developed oml printed. This Is Canada's largest finishing studio. serving customers all over Canada. You’ll like our work. too. Any Sire Roll—6 or 8 Exposures.
1944: Canada::~Recent surveys show that not one Canadian in ten knows what State Socialism really is. These surveys also show that the more misinformed the people are, the more they are in favor of what they think State Socialism is. Every Canadian should get posted on this subject at once, because you will be called upon to vote for or against it in the coming general election. Your verdict on this issue will decide the destiny of . That’s no small matter.
1944: Canada::~The Society for Individual Freedom has been organized for the purpose of acquainting the people of  with the true significance and ultimate consequences of State Socialism.
1944: Canada::~women, learn halrdreeeing at 's finest and largest schools. Refined, dignified work. Splendid pay. Write or call for free literature. Marvel Hairdressing Schools, 368 Bloor Street, Toronto. Branches 44 King Street Hamilton, and 76 Rideau Street Ottawa.
1944: CANADA::~FIVE PAIRS  WILD geese for sale. A H. Tellier, Belle River. Ontario.
1944: Canada::~AN OLD ESTABLISHED HATCH-yy.. wants agents in certain localities In  to sell chicks In your spare time. The commis-•Ion Is good—and the chicks arq 1A And favourably known. Write for fqjl detail* Box 171. IS Adelaide W, Toronto.
1944: Canada::~Thi* is the first of a series of advertisements to inform the people of  of plans to re-establish men and women of the armed forces. To get the full details and read every advertisement.
1944: Canada::~law of ,
1944: Canada::~has been the leading business school in Eastern  and
1944: “~The summer crop from Canadian farms this year has been something of which any agricultural nation should be proud. I feel that every person in Canada will commend the nation’s farmers on the production job they have accomplished.
1944: CANADA::~for YOUR OWN and 'S FUTURE YEARS of PEACE
1944: Development of the first “heat-tempered" all-plastic tire—a step that eventually may greatly increase tire life—~was announced recently by \V. H. Funston, President of The Firestone Tire and Rubber Company of Canada Limited. The development is considered of major importance because the tire is designed to whip the number one enemy of long wear—heat.
1944: le n reliable firm, dole* business !¦~ Canada for over 20 years. If you are troubled with sore. Itching, painful pi lea. Ilem-Hold must help you quickly or the small purchase price will he gladly refunded.
1944: Canada::~Biggest warships built in  are the new transport ferries which the Dominion is turning out for the Royal Navy. Above, the first of the targe vessels to slije down the launchways. Her hull, built in record time by Canadian Vickers Limited, Montreal, is the first of this particular type in the world. These transport ferries which are being built in several yards along the St. Lawrence and on the
1944: Canada::~women, learn -hairdressing at 's finest and largest schools Refined, dignified work. Splendid pay. Write or call for free literature. Marvel Hairdressing Schools. 36* Bioor Street Toronto. Branches 44 King Street. Hamilton, and 74 Rideau Street. Ottawa.
1944: Canada::~this- winter, according to K. W. Nay-.lrr, foods co-ordinator for the War-K time Prices and Trade Board. The juice is not rationed, and is fortified with ascorbic acid so that its Vitamin C value equals that of grape-fruit juice, making it an important health product. During the past three years all the fortified apple juice processed in  has been reserved for military needs, but civilians will now be provided with half a million cases.
1944: Canada::~has been the leading business school in Eastern  and is still going strong. Individual instruction.
1944: “~Just over from Canada I presume!”
1944: Canada:United States:~AM Seagram plants in  and the  are engaged in the production of high-proof Alcohol. High-proof Alcohol for War is used in the manufacture of Smokeless Powder, Synthetic Rubber, Photographic Film, P'astics, Navigation Instruments and many other wartime products.
1944: Canada::~Weather in  is often a topic of conversation—we or dislike it, as it affects our work or pleasure. It is very rarely constrained to think of it
1944: Canada::~Betty Harvey, the only feminine member of the test staff at Boeing Aircraft of  in Vancouver, where giant Catalina flying boats ere built.
1944: Canada::~On his return to  recently Major-General C. B. Price. D.S.O., D.C.M., V.D., overseas commissioner for the Canadian Red Cross Society, reiterated the urgent and continuous need of Red Cross supplies, comforts and warm civilian clothing.
1944: Canada::~OUR FOUNDATION STOCK IS registered and pedigreed birds. Nothing better In . Order now. Prices for mixed baby chicks, males and females: Bnr-red Rocks, $12.00 per hundred: White Leghorns. $11.00; White Rocks, $15.00; Drown Leghorns. $13.00. Pullet prices:	Rarred
1944: Germany::~stage of the war  lost its air superiority—~will end on March 31 next since there is a surplus of air crew for the war in Europe and the Far East. This is the normal expiry date for the plan and has been agreed to by the participants, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
1944: Canada::~AN OLD ESTABLISHED CHICK hatchery wants agents In certain localities In  to take orders for chicks In your spare time. The commission Is good and the chicks are well and favourably known. Write for full details Box No. 182, 73 Adelaide W.. Toronto.
1944: Canada:United States:~Much asbestos is produced in  but little processed for use there; it is exported chiefly to the  to make fire-fighting clothing, automobile break linings, steam pipe coverings, and for other fire and heat protection uses.
1944: Canada::~Personnel still in training in  will all be graduated before March 31. They will be placed o.i R.C.A.F. air crew reserve and will be subject to recall while hostilities last. Instructors and other air crew staff not eligible for overseas operations will also be released and transferred to reserve.
1944: Canada::~Only firm In  manufacturing ladles' and gentlemen's hair goods exclusively. Write us for particulars.
1944: Canada:Canada:~N the Seventh Victory Ixmn, the largest aggregate subscription to be made by any group of employees came from the men and women of the Canadian National System. Investing $13,733,550 they exceeded their Sixth Loan record by $4,606,450 and set a new record for all . Including employees of Trans- Air Lines and National Railways Munitions Limited, there were 90,779 subscribers, 8,411 more than in the previous loan campaign.
1944: Canada::~We are, we beMfve, the only branch Bank In  that open its doors at 9.00 o'clock, a.m.
1944: Canada:United States:~ sold 8,406,866 pounds of dressed fowl to Great Britain and the , from January 1st to August 20th, 1944. Of this amount Quebec supplied 950,981 pounds, which is evidence of the rapid strides made in the poultry industry since the beginning of the war, at which time our production could not supply our local requirements.
1945: Canada::~Miss Lorma Wilson, of Ottawa, who was killed in action in the Great spent the New Year holiday at the War. She came to  with her (home of her mother, Mrs. Thomas daughter 22 years ago, and until she “des.	I went to the Hospital had resided all
1945: Canada::~has been the leading business school in Eastern  and ls kllJ going strong. Individual
1945: Canada::~He was bom and educated in Chicago, son of the late William Hayley and Elizabeth Luker came to  after the Great War, during which he served overseas.
1945: AN OLD ESTABLISHED CHICK hatchery .wants agent»~ to certain localities In Canada to take orders for chicks In your spare time. The commission Is good and the chicks are well and favourably known. Write for full details Box No. 182, 78 Adelaide W„ Toronto.
1945: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEA Dili (5 SCHOOL
1945: usa:Canada:~COMPLETE SAWMILL 10 TO 15-thond capacity, ready to go. Steam tractor, power-edger, cutoff. etc. Will consider part cash, part lumber. Contact H. V. Zimmerman, Manager, at Pinewood. Ontario, or write Pennington Lumber Co. () Ltd.. Birn-amwood. Wisconsin.
1945: Canada::~OUR FOUNDATION STOCK IS registered and pedigreed birds. Nothing better In . Order now. Prices for mixed baby chicks, males and females: Barred Rocks, $12.00 per hundred; White Leghorns. $11.00; White Rocks, $15.00; Brown Leghorns. IU.00. Pullet prices:	Bsrred
1945: Canada:Italy:~This Canadian soldier, Pte. J. S. P. Bowen, Birch River, Man., one of the first Canadians to wsde ashore in the assault upon Sicily on July 10, 1043 and now granted a 30-day Christmas leave to  bide farewell to his little Italian friend in a village not far behind the front lines in .
1945: This is the largest planted forest in Ontario—~ probably in Eastern Canada. So far the Ontario Government has carried all expenses. By 1958 the Government will review the situation and offer to allow the county (in this case the combined counties of Prescott and Russell)— ( 1 ) To take over the forest and repay the Government of Ontario without interest all expenses, or
1945: Italy:Canada:~Tliesc lad* lined up at the leave depot in , are scheduled for a 30-day Christmas leave te . They have been overseas si.'ce 1939. They are from front to rear: Pte. J. F. Savoie, Ottawa. Pte D G. Peddle. Toronto. S Sgt. Major G. L. Mahar, Kentville. N. S., Fus. R. Cote, Biggar. Sask Pte. Alan McGue, Wingham, Ont. Sgt. R. G. Martin. Ft. McMurray, Alta., Tpr. T. A. Boston.
1945: Canada:United States:~Go half way up -the Labrador (*e^d covered with more than four the best way to get from the coast ofi Northeast , then a Icet 01 snow-ice.	middle of tlie  to
1945: E. try care is taken of the comfort, health and welfare of Britieh wives who have married va..-service personnel overseas and are in London; a Canadian Wives’~ Bureau ham been established that the future citizens of Canada may have a place in which to meet and get acquainted and be interviewed by Service authorities before their trip to their new Lome*. In the top picture Lt.-Col D. A. Clarke, O.B.E., director of the bureau interview# the wife of a Canadian soldier Jackson, wife of Pte. E. Jackson, R.C.A.S.C., with their son John
1945: Canada:England:~December G. lie doesn't seem to be far away when letters come so quickly. This will naturally be our son's fir?t Christmas away from  but we are hoping he will get leave and be able to spend Christmas with his grandma and aunt. It is nice to know that he will have a home in  whenever he need^ it —~ in fact I might say several homes. And it will be wonderful fur Grandma to have one of her own kith and kin come to visit her with all the latest news about her family in Canada \\ e are looking forward eagerly to letters from Bob, because seeing things with new eyes, he will probably tell us more than we get iron; most people. Of course there is always the censor to consider but as I te a Bob when I wrote there arc all kinds of things he can tell us which will in no way interest the censor. Little homey things like the way people talk, how they look and what the war has done to our various relations. By the way, Bob says the meals in camp are wonderful —~ there is always more served than he can eat. So that should comfort a few mothers who ate afraid of how their boys will fare after they leave the shores of Canada.
1945: United States:Canada:~Owing to operation of a definite price ceiling on oranges in the United States, oranges in Canada will no longer be subsidized, it is announced by the Wartime Prices and Trade Board. Control of prices of oranges to consumers in this country was controlled two years ago when there was no  ceiling on oranges and it was necessary to protect the Canadian consumer. Discontinuance of the subsidy will not affect the supply or the quality of oranges sold in , although there may be an increase of from three to four cents a dozen in retail sales.
1945: week until disposed of. a£~d1Tv>	Mr. Jno. R. McDowell, treasurer of LOST-On December 14, a sum of in Canada. Order now. Prices for
1945: Canada::~$1.50 in ; 82.00 in U S.
1945: Canada::~been the leading business school in Ka tern  and
1945: Canada::~mation sent free. The Ramsay Co., Registered Patent Attorneys, 178 Bank Street, Ottawa, .
1945: t finer “snaps" at lower cost ompt Mall Service. Send youb lm rolls to Star Snapshot Servies developed and printed. This 1» Canada’»~ largest finishing dlo. serving customers all oveg Canada. You’ll like our work. tod. Any Sise Roll—6 or 8 Exposure#.
1945: Canada::~OUR FOUNDATION STOCK 18 registered and pedigreed birds. Nothing better In . Order mow. Prices for mixed baby •blcks, males and females: Barred Rocks, $12.00 per hundred; White Leghorns. $11.00; White Rocks, $15.00; Brown Leghorns, $18.00. Pullet prices:	Barred
1945: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEA WNH Si’HoUl Great Opportunity. Learn Haïr»
1945: Canada::~Through UNRRA.  is sending evaporated milk, canned meat and fish, cereals, cod liver oil. clothing and farm machinery to liberated countries. That is one big reason
1945: Canada::~of the Wartime Prices and Trade A shipment of 4,000 long tons of Board that became effective Janu-dried dates are expected to arrive ary 22. The order confirms the in  shortly from Iraq and be prices for various kinds, types, qual-distributed to the trade within a ities and grades of hides and skins month or six weeks. They will be as set by directive on December 14. sold at ceiling prices set by the 1942, and continues prohibition on Wartime Prices and Trade Board. Jcustom tanning.
1945: Canada:usa:~It is unlikely that we in  will be called upon to match their sacrifice. ;. but the least we can do is to continue, in every way possible, to keep the supplies and equipment rolling out. We, Melchers Distilleries Limited, manufacture a precious war material of a thond uses war alcohol. It is a vital ingredient of the explosives used in- the grenades, shells, bombs, depth charges and mines
1945: Minister McNaughton said at a Grey North byelection campaign, meeting here last night that “~I hope to be able to keep the majority** of long-service men hpino returned to Canada on leave from overseas in the Domin-
1945: I Be sure you get the original and genuine—~ packed in Canada. Insist on getting | GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules.
1945: Canada::~Morris W. Wilson, President, says continued Canadian development depends on world-wide system of trading based on international monetary and exchange stability. Urges  be one of first to approve principles of Bretton Woods Conference.
1945: Canada::The vital importance to ’~s future welfare of a healthy foreign trade based on international monetary and exchange stability tyas emphasized by Moms W. Wil-n, President of The Royal Bank Canada at the bank's Annual ecting.
1945: Canada:Canada:~ owed her economic development from earliest days, said llr. Wilson, to foreign trade and the level of pre-war exports would hot only have to be maintained after the war, but actually expanded, possibly to double their pre-war Value, if  was to secure an adequate national income.
1945: Mr. Dobson reported steady development of the bank’s foreign business in the Caribbean and South America. “The South American countries/’ he said, “~are potential purchasers of large quantities of equipment of all kinds for modernizing and expanding already established manufacturing facilities, for developing new industries, and carrying out public works programs. A growing interest in Canada and Canadian products is evident, and it is hoped that our manufacturers, exporters, and importers will reciprocate this interest. Our well-placed branches arc in a unique position to offer assistance in the development of trade between Latin America and Canada.’’
1945: Canada::~Mr. Wilson dealt at length with the Bretton Woods Conference last July when the experts of forty-four countries sought to evolve a system of international control of foreign exchange and investment with a view to providing exchange stability. He readily admitted that the Bretton Woods program was no panacea for post-war problems but he pointed out that practical businessmen were largely in agreement with the Bretton Woods perts. Meeting at Rye, N.Y., last November, businessmen from fifty-two countries, including , recommended a Multilateral Trade Convention for all countries to provide for the progressive lowering of trade barriers; the elimination of quotas and import embargoes; the abandonment of discriminatory trade practices; the abandonment of national sales and production' monopolies.
1945: “~If international trade on the broadest scale is not fully restored, what can Canada do independently to preserve her foreign markets? There are certain obvious measures, notably maintenance and improvement of the quality of our exports, vigorous salesmanship, and the acceptance of imports from countries to which we export, up to the limit either of their capacity to sell to us, or of our ability to * absorb their products. These are basic principles which Canada can and should adopt, whatever the rest of the world may do.
1945: “~What other alternatives will be normally avialable to us? In the first place, we might have to restrict our exports to the ability of foreign markets to pay for our products. Since many of our major export commodities ate produced on a scale out of all proportion to our own consumption, the subsequent unemployment of men and resources, the agricultural depression, and the social problems which would arise, would build up a load that our economy and constitution could not support. Secondly, Canada might provide credits to countries desiring to import goods on a basis similar to the credits which have been established during the war, but with the hope of ultimate repayment. Finally, we could subsidize exports.
1945: “~Furthermore, as I stated a year ago, I believe it would be sound policy for Canada not only to extend liberal long-term credits to countries who are actual or potential buyers of Canadian products, but in special cases to make outright gifts of foods, raw material, finished goods and machinery to assist and hasten the rehabilitation of such countries.
1945: The General Manager reported that the staff, not including those in the armed services, now totalled 8,205. “~In Canada 71% are young women, compared with only 31% in 1939. While the more experienced officers have been under great personal pressure, because of the need to train and help inexperienced hewcomers, these new members of the staff have learned quickly, fitted in readily, and performed splendidly the duties allotted to them. All of our officers serve with a sense of public responsibility as well as of duty to the bank.
1945: Canada::~economic development, in the future as in the pasL depends upon the maintenance and development of international trade. Monetary stability is one of the prerequisites of international trade. For , therefore, monetary stability is of paramount importance. If we acknowledge these premises, our course of action is clear.
1945: Canada::~measures necessary to secure them. I sincerely hope that  will be one of the first to approve the principles of the Bretton Woods agreements, leaving the Government free to deal with matters of detail in consultation and agreement with the other countries concerned.”
1945: Canada::~The soldiers were some of the five year service men permitted to leave the battlefields before Christmas and returned to  for a 30-day leave. They claimed they were receiving unfair treatment”.
1945: Twenty-nine men in one group -told The Globe and Mail they thought five years’ service was enough for one man. “~especially when there are thousands of fit soldiers, both draftees and G.S., who have never left Canada "
1945: Canada::~Although large, well equipped seed cleaning machinery is available to farmers at many places throughout , it may not be conveniently near to some farmers whose only alternative is to clean their own seed. The farm-sized fanning mill, however, can do a good job, if carefully - Derated.
1945: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U.S
1945: Mrs. Edgar Hodg'ns, convener of for “Milk Fund *, the soldiers box committee, was re- Two Blood Clinics were conducted; quested to send boxes to the Pirie 32 Christmas boxes were sent overboys, Osborne Smith, Mahlon Hayes, j seas and 22 Christmas boxes were Cressel Langford and Erwin Hamil- sent to members of the armed forces H	¦~ serving in Canada.
1945: Canada::~Some pictures can never be taken again. Don't risk losing yours Send your film rolls to Star Snapshot Service for developing and printing. 's largest finishing studio does the finest work at lower cost. Any Size Roll—I or 8 Exposuies.
1945: Canada::~OUR FOUNDATION STOCK IS registered and pedigreed birds. Nothing better In . Order now. Prices for mixed baby chicks, males and females: Bsr-red Rocks. $12.00 per hundred; White Leghorns. $11.00; White Rocks, $15.(10; Brown Leghorns. $13.00. Pullet prices:	Barred
1945: Be sure you get GOLD MEDAL Haarlem 00 Capsules, the genuine and original Dutch Drops—~packed in Canada Get a *0c package from your druggist.
1945: Canada::~Out of every dollar given to the Red Cross, 53 cents will be used to provide food parcels for Canadian, prisoners of war, both in Europe and the Far East. 140.000 of these food parcels leave  every week, for distribution to Canadian and Allied Prisoners through the International Red Cross in Geneva.
1945: Canada::~hospitals in , will use five of	—o—.	sented a great improvement over
1945: Canada:England:~the remaining cents; while ad- The spirit of Canadian generosity the sickle shaped like a quarter ministration expenses in  and touched many lands in 1944 and moon, and Jenks built up a prosper-publicity, will require only 2 point | brightened the drab monotony' of ous manufacturing business at Paw-r . . ,	,	, . camP life, for servicemen held tucket, R. I. These New 
1945: Feel its instant effective action spread through throat, head and bronchial tubes. It starts at once to loosen up thick, choking phlegm, ease the cough, soothe the raw irritated membranes of throat and upper bronchial tract. Don't take chances—~take BUCKLEY'S. Canada's
1945: Canada:Canada:~From the head of the Great Lakes to the Gulf of St. Lawrence,  Steamship Lines, Limited plays an important part in ’s basic economic activities including the low cost transportation of grain, iron ore and coal.
1945: Canada::~An advertisement explaining to the people of  the re-establishment credit available to men and women of the Armed hordes.
1945: Canada::~Our foundation stock is registered and pedigreed birds. Nothing better in . Order now. Prices for mixed baby chicks, males and females: Barred Rocks. $12.00 per hundred; White Leghorns, $11.00; White Rocks, $15.00; Brown Leghorns, $13.00 Pullet prices: Barred Rocks, $19.00: White Leghorns $22.; White Rocks, $24.; Brown Leghorns, $24.
1945: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1945: Canada::~of , limited
1945: the past three years came as a great surprise to his par- I spent the week-end in Ottawa where ents, Mr. and Mrs. Leger Meunier, they atended the Young People’~s who had only received word of his Convention of the Holiness Move-return to Canada a few hours before | ment Church, his arrival here.	.	_	__
1945: Canada::~Corps and returned to  in 1944 as Adjutant General in Ottawa.
1945: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL
1945: Canada::~"Here's Good Health t Stafford-Miller (of ) Ltd. Dept. 9, 172 John St., Toronto. Ont
1945: Canada::~OUR FOUNDATION STOCK 18 registered and pedigreed birds. Nothing better In . Order now. Prices for mixed baby chicks, males and females: Barred Rocks, $12.00 per hundred: White Leghorns. $11.00; White Rocks. $15.00: Brown Leghorns. $13.00. Pullet prices:	Barred
1945: Canada::~for both the outward and the/eturn mixed baby chick, males and fe-voyage to  Contrary to a males: Barred Rocks, $12.00 per
1945: Canada::~quired if a ship returns to  given for each 200 mixed chicks I Services at 11.00 a.m. and 7.30 p.m
1945: Canada::~stores are finding their way into the SALES OF SEED POTATOES black market in other countries, and farmers of  should know that
1945: Canada::~1 he Company is servicing subscribers in every Province of , the Northwest Territories and Newfoundland, and also
1945: Canada::~Victory Bonds provide the handiest form in which savings can be kept with safety. Their security is without question. They represent money owing to you by the Dominion of , just as dollar bills do. And ... better than dollar bills . . . they earn interest for you every day you hold them; even when put away for safe keeping in a bank vault or in a safe. They pay double bank interest.
1945: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1945: Write for Informative booklet •‘Here’s Hood Health to Vou”~ t# Stafford-Miller (of Canada) Ltd, Dept. $#. 172 John St.. Toronto. Ont
1945: Less sap was gathered this year I textiles, iron and steel goods, ani-than any time in the past 15 years, mal and vegetable products—~runs The poor sap run was attributed to | into billions of dollars, the lack of frost in the ground and to the record spell of warm weather I the source of sizable income. Foxes, striking Central Canada late in minks, beavers, muskrats, racoons, March.
1945: Canada:Canada:~Bigger than the United States (excluding Alaska),  runs the full topographic scale. From the coastal plains in the east, the rocky areas of Quebec Province, the barrens north of Lake Superior, the nrairies and western foothills, to the owering Pacific highlands,  inrolls in a majestic ocean-to-ocean weep.
1945: Your right hand holds your POST WAR BONUS—~the finest invest' ment in the world ... the Victory Bonds of Canada.
1945: Canada::~Our foundation stock is registered and pedigreed birds. Nothing better in . Order now. Prices for mixed baby chicks, males and females:	Barred Rocks, $12.00 per
1945: Canada::~OCR KO VN DATION STOCK IS registered and pedigreed birds. Nothing better In . Order now. Prices for mixed baby chicks, males and females: Barred Rock*, $12.00 per hundred; White Leghorn#. $11.00; White Hocks, $15.00; Brown Leghorns. $13.00. Pullet prices:	Barred
1945: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1945: Canada::~Olmstead, and her two children, ar- I Hcv. and Mrs. Ivor Currie-Mills, rived from overseas in Ottawa on Yarm, announce the engagement Thursday, May 24th, and was met Pf their daughter, Edith May, to Mr. by the family of her husband and Russell G. True, son of Mr. and Mrs. taken to their home in Austin, it George True, of Bolton Centre, Que. is expected that Pte. Olmstead will Marriage to take place on Saturday be permitted to return to  |afternoon, June 30th, at 2.30 o’clock,
1945: Canada::~Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Russett, of McKee, Que., announce the engage-On Saturday the neighbours called Iment of their third daughter, Gladys at the Olmstead home, in Austin, Eleanor, to Mr. Selwyn C. Smith, and welcomed the young lady to only son of Mr. and Mrs. Nathan . An address was read by Smith, of Caldwell, Que. Marriage Miss Elaine Carson and gifts and I to take place June 27th. money were presented by the ladies.
1945: Canada::~In expressing her appreciation of the kindness of friends, Mrs. Olm- Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Grant, of stead stated that, so far, she was Bristol, Que., announce the engage-impressed with , and thought ment of their younger daughter, that she would be happy to make Janet Marjorie, to Wilmer Harold her home here.	(Hodgins, of Carleton Place, Ont.,
1945: Canada::~vived by a second sister, Mrs. Laura Except for small changes honey their departed brother in an impres- In the list of graduates we notice Young of Vancouver, and a brother, prices will remain substantially the sive ceremony at the graveside, the the name of Wilfred Rankin Hodgins, R Ernest McRae of Shawville. I same across  this year the service being conducted by John son of Mr. and Mrs. Wilfred Hodgins, The remains were taken on Mon- Wartime Prices and Trade Board has Croskery, of Renfrew, and William of Domremy, Sask., formerly of day to the Hayes Funeral Parlors in announced. In zone one which in- I Kenney, of Fort Coulonge.	Portage du Fort, who graduated as
1945: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADINU SCHOOL
1945: Canada::~A 30 BED MATERNITY HOSPITAL for amle, going concern, good business, only Hospital In town. Anv Ontario Registered Nurse could operate this business. Owner will stay on and will help for one month from the date of sale. Reason for selling Is poor health. All latest equipment. Hospital has been runnng for 6 years. For further Information and Inspection apply In writing to Post Office. Box 32>. Delhi, Ontario, .	______
1945: CANADA::~TRY 'S LARGEST PHOTO FINISHING STUDIO
1945: Canada::~Write for Informative booklet "Here's Good Health to You" to Stafford Miller (of ) Ltd., 6epL 6, 172 John St.. Toronto. Ont.
1945: Canada::~for 's food needs...now more than ever
1945: the choice of Prime Minister King’~s party to form the next Government of Canada is a matter of just plain sense !
1945: Canada:usa:~Across , hundreds of thonds of men
1945: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U.S.
1945: Canada:Holland:~Holland and Germany. His oar- | The best man was Mr. Clayton ticular work was the repair of tanks Dods, of Bristol, and trucks close to the lines. He left After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. for England on his way to  Morrison left by motor on a short from  on June 4, 1945
1945: RAISE CHICKS AT LESS GOST now—and have them ready for profitable Fall markets. Green pasture feed Is vital for growing chicks—cuts down on commercial feed. Here Is a real opportunity for big or small poultry raisers to reap extra profits—extra profits too by buying Tweddle Chicks that are from Government Approved bloodtested breeders. He wise buy scientifically produced Tweddle chicks —~ a name familiar to poultrymen In Canada for over 20 years. Send for Seduced July price list for day old. two week old. three week old and 4 week olds In all popular breeds. Also free range pullets eight weeks of age and older. Twiddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
1945: Canada::~CAN BE FITTED TO SWATH board of any mower. Will replace help usually needed to fork hay behind mower in heavy crops. Also save time, as there is no clogging of knife or knife guard. Guaranteed satisfaction. $7.5* f ob. Bristol. Que Sole Mfgr. and distributor for  and US LOCAL SPARE TIME AGENTS WANTED. A. A It 1111', BRISTOL 4* IK.
1945: Canada::~honor the King, love the brotherhood. fear God \ He pointed but that if the Orange Order is true to its obligations, it will ever stand for the bonds that link  to the British Empire, and strong for the ideals of the Christian faith. During the service. Miss Kay Woodley sang
1945: Canada::~Commodore Cochram knew some of these boys and has been in touch with our air forces in all theatres of activity as well as in .
1945: Canada::~fives of the fallen, and an invita- to #>end the Summer months at as a Paymaster of the First Canadian frCe Send remittance to tion is given to all overseas men in Feme Neuve, in the Gatineau dis-!Corps. He returned to  a	p S BARRY
1945: Canada::~$1.5* in ; $2.0* in US.
1945: Canada::~Empire State Building, in New Yoik ern .	Buchanan officiated at the___________
1945: Canada::~event, which took place in 1885. not only signalized the completion of the first trancoutinental railway line, linking 's Atlantic and Pacific coasts, but also the triumph of one of the greatest a chievements of free enterprise of of which the history of the British Empire holds record.
1945: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity, Learn Hairdressing
1945: Canada::~abroad, only given us tat ion unexcelled in the world, It has built up our vast industries, and it has made  one of the world's greatest trading nations, whose products are sold In nearly every foreign market, and whose or edit stands firmly upon her
1945: Canada::~was first mooted its sponsors went to Ixmdon to seek British capital with which to defray the cost of the gigantic undertaking, hut London turned thumbs down on their appeal, so they came back to . and it was Canadian capital and faith in the undertaking, Canadian courage and Canadian skill that triumphed over what seemed Insuperable obstacles, and made the C.P.R. not only a possibility but an engineering triumph that ¦~till stands as a monument to free enterprise In Canada.
1945: Canada::~THISTLEDOWN ANQ0RAS. ONE of 's outstanding strains.
1945: Bob tame over on the "(.preen Mai y "—you remember she ‘docked in New York harbour last week— and thereby hangs a tab some reason which 1 cannot explain, ever since It was first announced that the "Queen Mary”~ was bringing troops home bound for Canada, I was absolutely certain that our son would be among them. Partner thought 1 was crazy—especially when the news broke about the riots in Aldershot where he was stationed. And then every few days letters would arrive -the last written June 30. in which Bob said he was getting another short leave.
1945: CANADA::~THt QUAKE* OATS COMPANY OP  LIMITS©
1945: Canada::~Notice is hereby given that HERBERT CHARLES HOBBS, Quyon. Quebec, will apply to the Parliament of  at the present, or next, session thereof for a Bill of Divorce from his wife, DAISY ETHEL BURTON, of Starks Corners. Quebec, on the grounds of adultry.
1945: Canada::~It is an interesting fact that sixty years ago the Canadian Red Cross lag was first flown in . Since that time the brilliant red symbol on the immaculate white background has become as familiar to us in our Dominion as our own natural flag.
1945: Canada::~on, Quebec, demandera au Parlement du  A la présente, au prochaine session, un Bill de Divorce contre son épouse, DAISY ETHEL BVUTON de Starks Corners, Quebec, pour d adultère.
1945: Canada::~Although the British consider Canadian dried egg powder the best made, they are delighted to be able again to serve eggs in the shell. Now that the U-boat menace is over and shipping space less restricted,  has resumed export of shell eggs to Britain.
1945: Canada::~Mr. Cochrane says that the quality of Canadian eggs on arrival in Britain is remarkably good and that British consumers are finding them as tasty as eggs laid in Britain, adds, however, that there are still improvements to be made in stamping, packing and stowing eggs. He has now returned to  and his experience and findings are being made available to Canadian stations and operators.
1945: Canada::~Small discs about the size of a Canadian nickel will be the mechanism for meat rationing in , it was learned on Tuesday.
1945: Canada::~Even with every man, woman and child in  sugar conservation conscious, it is still the ea si set thing in the world for Canadians to waste almost 11 tons of sugar a day. A few grains are spilled, some is left undissolved at the bottom of a tea cup, the almost empty cereal bowl We desire to thank our friends holds a little. It all adds up and neighbours for their. assistance And how it adds up. If each
1945: Canada::~Asbestos is one of several distinctively Canadian minerals, a product in which  leads the world. More than 80% of the Dominion's asbestos goes to war in such articles as the fireproof suit (above), vital for battling flames in ships or rescuing airmen from blazing, crashed planes. Its peacetime uses are vast At right is a sample of highly-valued “crude" asbestos as it comes from the ore.
1945: Canada::~Canadians are particularly interested in asbestos since  produces more than 70% of the world’s supply of the “magic mineral", and the largest operating asbestos mine m the world is located in Quebec's Eastern Townships, at Asbestos, Que Composed of fibres tough
1945: Canada::~Service personnel returning to  can no longer bring automatic firearms home as war trophies, it was
1945: Canada::~Fallowing the rapid melting of snow resulting from warm weather in the latter part of last March and early in April, many farmers turned cattle on pasture sooner than usual. Subsequently, however, the weather turned cooler and both the grass and cattle failed to thrive in April and May. Meantime, says the Current review of Agriclutural Conditions in , feedlots were being depleted steadily of finished cattle, and a gap is being experienced this year before the usual supplies of early grass-finished cattle are available in quantity.
1945: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1945: The Fall Convention of the Wesleyan Young Peoples’~ Societies of thi Canada Conference is to be held in the Shawville Wesleyan Method!
1945: Canada::~son. President of the  w.Y-lPontiac Womens Institutes
1945: CANADA::~JUIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity, Learn Hairdressing
1945: CANADA::~BUILT ANYWHERE IN  to winner's specifications, or $10.000 In cash will be awarded lucky winner. Also chance on $100 monthly draw. Winner is ¦ till eligible for house draw. All proceeds for children’s welfare. Tickets $1 each—12 for $10. Mail remittance to Sudbury Kiwanis Club, Rox 63.
1945: Canada::~acres, free and clear deed. Good road to property. Good hunting and fishing. Total price $500. If you want a quiet property In a good place to relax, give me a call. Several more properties In line district. Geo. Wight, 303  Rldg.. Windsor. Ont.
1945: Canada::~The United Kingdom end liberated Europe rely on  for 450,000,000 lbs. this year.
1945: Canada::~The United Kingdom end liberated Europe rely on  for 114,000,000 lbs. this year,
1945: Canada::~As a great food-producing nation,  must, can — and will — help to meet the emergency.
1945: Canada::~This year, Europe is relying on  for a minimum of 789 million pounds of beef, pork and canned meat.
1945: Canada::~To do our port, we must reduce our own consumption of rrfbat and also assure that everyone in  gets a fair share.
1945: Canada::~Lot 16 on the 8th Range, Township of Clarendon, containing 100  Conference W.Y.P.S. Rally, acres, with good buildings, convenient to School; Lot 9 on the 9th Range, Township of Clarendon, containing 70 acres, with good buildings, convenient to store, Post Office, School and Church; Lot 5, on the 11th Range, Township of Clarendon, containing 100 acres of bush and pasture. For further particulars apply
1945: Canada:Canada:~First civilian installation of radar in  has been made by Trans- Airlines at Winnipeg, Man. Helen McGuirk here watches the approach of an aircraft shown on the cathode ray indicator, resembling a television screen. The equipment was borrowed from the R.C.A.F. It is effective for a radius of 80 miles.
1945: England::~was shipped to . My own chiefs had been praying for just such a chance as was given to us then—~my knowledge of German, Heidelberg, even the saber cut. Sapristi! It was if made to order. They put me next to Manfred Kelil. I stayed next to him all the way to Canada. Together
1945: Canada::~It is made from tobacco waste but the record increase in the consumption of cigarettes and cigars has resulted both in a decline in their quality and in the quantity of available waste tobacco. The demand for nicotine throughout the war. months before  approaches a normal position for nicotine sulphate.
1945: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1945: Canada::~North-West Air Command, with headquarters at Edmonton, has full control of the operation and maintenance of the aerodromes and flight strips along the route. All Ins filiation; of continuing value along the route, which have cost some $76.000,000 are owned by .
1945: CANADA::~BUILT ANYWHERE IN  to winner’s specifications, or 110.000 in cash will be awarded lucky winner. Also chance on $100 monthly draw. Winner 1» still eligible for house draw In December. All proceeds for children’s welfare. Tickets $1. each— 13 for $10. Mail remittance to Sudbury Ktwanls Club. Box. 63
1945: CANADA::~IOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity. Learn lia irdreislng
1945: Canada:Canada:~The same thing is happening once again in other countries but not in . In the fight against inflation the Canadian people have protected themselves by a price ceiling placed on goods, rents, and services. However, this price control is only one of the measures which constitute ’s economic strategy to avert post-war calamity. There are other controls—wages, salary, and distribution controls, together with wartime taxation and loans to the government by the people.
1945: Canada::Combined, these are known as ’~s Stabilization Controls, and are so interlocked that a defect in the working of any one of them directly weakens the whole system. The Victory Loans, in which Canada has set a world example in unity of purpose, have been one of the great instruments in upholding the Canadian economic system. Now is the testing time of unity of purpose, for the danger point of inflation is now. Buy more bonds and avoid the years of misery that followed World War 1.
1945: CANADA::~SUPPORT 'S
1945: Canada::~.shipping of live stock from .
1945: Canada::~Alter 1st August. 1945, whenever it has been found advisable in the case Victory Cost British and of a vessel employed in the conveyance of live stock from  to
1945: Canada::~There can be only one answer. And that is the overwhelming support, by every Canadian, of 's Greatest Victory Loan.
1945: Canada::~investing in 's future.
1945: Canada::~(c)	they apply to their employer for reinstatement, verbally or in writing, within 3 months following discharge in  or
1945: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1945: United States:Canada:~ and , 15 from
1945: Canada::~crossties from  for railway repair.
1945: Canada::~FOR SALE LIMITED NUMBER 6 H. P. Empire Garden Tractors available for Immediate delivery. This machine Is made In . Orders being accepted now Spring delivery. Write for price particulars. Garden Tractor Equipment Co.. Limited, 1160 Albert Road Windsor, Ontario.
1945: Canada::~set Kit <ofrS01parte.llTubes,1 Chms-sis. Ideal Christmas gift. Order early. Price: $9.96. Earphones: |I. Electronic Appliance, 1166 Portage, Winnipeg. .
1945: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity. Learn Hairdressing ,
1945: Canada::~The story is one of record deposits, Tenders will be received by the all-time high resources and a break- undersigned up to November 30th. down showing just how the bank 1945, for wood for the rural chools contributes to the economic life of of Clarendon. Wood to consist of  through its services to well j hard maple, yellow birch, or beech, over a million customers.
1945: Canada::~CASH . . . The B of M lias cash in its vaults and money on deposit with the Bank of  amounting to............... • . .
1945: CANADA::~was held at the home of Mr. and Mrs. j CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS ARE Edna Grant, Canadian Field secre-Roland Graham, Wyman, in honour ! AVAILABLE IN  tary on Temberance, will spend the
1946: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1946: Blonde, blue-eyed Helen Harrison of Toronto, Ont., has flown 3,000 hours in all parts of the world, but hasn’t had enough. "I just can’t keep away from it,”~ she declared as she announced signing up as test pilot with a British firm which is to assemble passenger planes in Toronto. Vancouver-born, she obtained her commercial license in England in 1936, instructed R A F. reserve pilots there and then taught flying in Canada and the U S. Later she joined the U S. air transport auxiliary and ferried planes around Britain for the U S. forces, flying 400 miles an hour in Mosquitos on delivery trips there.
1946: shuddered when they these girls from India, students at the University of Toronto school of nursing, were thrilled at the eight. "It's beautiful.’~ they chorused. The native sari worn by Mrs. May Aster Jainu Deen, right, and her Ifcri may appear incongruous in Canada, but she was anxious to try the sport. Her friend, Mrs. R. Iyangar, went along t• watch.
1946: Canada::~Britain, in , who, through l abile notice is hereby given that
1946: Canada::~You will be helping 's vital export trade and making good money for self, too!
1946: Canada::~McMillan Co.  Moyer School Supplies Bcnouf Publishing Ct Fred Russett sweeping three
1946: ¦~series of the National Film Board brings to Canadian screens a survey of those aspects of international affairs which are of concern to Canada.
1946: Canada::~potatoes in  this year and a
1946: Canada::~from  for three years.
1946: XX ANTED: MEN AND WOMEN TO take orders for chicks. You"cam make money in y c»~ u r spare time selling your friends and neighbours chicks for one of Canada's oldest established Approved Hatcheries, full details. Box No. SL ft Adelaida W„ Toron te.
1946: Canada::~- a member ot the United Church ot .
1946: A large number of the members of the congregation of St. Andrew's United Church <»~f Canada gathered at the manse last Thursday evening to honour Rev. T. P and Mrs. Shaver on the eve ol their departure for their new field ol endeavor at Alcove and Rupert. Quo. Rev. Mr. Shaver was recently made chairman of Ottawa Presbytery.
1946: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1946: Canada::~Douglas, 12 miles wset of Renfrew,	on the west coast of , going	an active part in municipal life. He
1946: Shortly after five they started sector, the company in which he fevcral months he had recovered home on the sleigh behind their team, served was encircled and only es- sufficiently to move about slowly, down the narrow laneway leading caped through a quarter-mile gap. •~ Hast Wednesday he took another irom the wood lot to the highway. While overseas Pte. Emmerson was stroke and lapsed into unconscious-They passed through the Gibbons married, his wife expects to arrive ness that night, and failed to rally, farm without incident. A few hun- in Canada shortly.	His death will be a distinct loss to
1946: as a settler from the County of Fev- play..in Pont,ac’~ but whether this marvagh in Ireland. In Canada his praSbce Promotes better hockey or father was married to the late Jane ,s Ja‘r f® local Payers in towns Lucas, of Bristol. In 1912 Mr. Tracv plrtJcipa.tin5 3 matter for League married Miss Nellie May Wilson, of ?ffic 3ls to decide. If such a practice Clarendon, and they made their if allowed to continue it becomes a home on his farm near Yarm. They habit, with each town maneuvring
1946: The i ibt e Tend a Corporation wants married men with sales ability to act as local agent»~ In nil throughout Canada. Thin Is an ex*
1946: Canada::~Learu to make Elastic Novelties in the home. Rig Profits . . easy t.. learn the Lux Way supply you with the material, tools, and dyes. Our hook of designs and Instruction* makes it possible for you to earn and learn at the same time. The complete kit of equipment necessary will be mailed to any part of  on receipt of one dollar with order. Ray the balance plus shipping charges and Join the Lux Family of Novelty Elastic Maker*.
1946: satisfying, w"!l-»~ > ing Canada*»
1946: Canada::~The United Church ot ,
1946: Canada::~Strength of  s permanent post-war Army will be 25,000 men, it was announced by Defence Minister Douglas Abbott.
1946: Canada::~Defence Minister Abbott told the conference that the conference of Defence Associations of  had recommended to his department some lorm ot compulsory military training for post-war years.
1946: Canada::~the relaxation from the tedium of Motion. Cr. Chamberlain to ad-	as has been the practice in the past.	^Ir- Begin said he did not	know as	feathering	for	ease	in plucking	and !  and its railway service
1946: CANADA:Japan:~this short time, it more than proved	o	n died IN 	such a breed in commercial meat and United Kingdom from ese pris-
1946: Canada::~parts of the of the continent; even Board of January 28th. published in Fires in  over the week-end MENACE TO FARMERS	ered, white fleshed, broad breasted ionaries upon a luxury trip they
1946: “~GOD BLESS CANADA" SAY row REPATRIATES
1946: Canada::~bless .”
1946: Montreal. Jan. 30.—~A shipment of 374 horses left Canada today for France, and similar movements will be made every second week as long as there is space in ships, it was announced here todayg ¦HHH came from Alberta and Saskatchewan in live stock cars.
1946: Canada::~As recently as December, Dr. Fiction's services were given public recognition when he was unanimously nominated as moderator of the General Council of the United Church of  at a meeting af the Montreal Presbytery held in Mont-
1946: Canada::~Presbyterian and Catholic Scots of operated a grocery and bakery busi- Dominion during the two previous [potatoes in  are extensive.
1946: of the seven-ounce ration “just as , inspectors in the several provinces. , thank the people of Shawville and soon as supplies permit—probably in i The certification of potatoes for district for the generous patronage Apri1”~-	seed purposes in Canada is carried accorded me while in business.I trust
1946: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U.S
1946: Canada::~India Needs. Rev. S. W. Blanch- She had been in delicate health aid. President of the  Wesley- most of her lifetime, and had been ill an Methodist Church Conféré: e, had for the pa t fifteen months charge of the morning and evening service.-. His themes were :—“The God of Elijah." and “The Door God Shut.”
1946: Ladies’~ new Spring coats, beautifully tailored by one of Canada's best manufacturers. newest styles including the famous “SHORTIE air when vou see these coats
1946: Canada::~When used on  thistle, the chemical did not completely kill the vigorous weed but set it back .o badly the weed did not rcappe «t until harvest time and then only in the form of young shoot-. Similar result! were obtaine 1 on field
1946: Canada::~By riskinr heir noney v cover exploring and diamond drilling, in vc-tors have prov.ded  with approximately 60 new indicated gold mints and two base metal ».opcrt;c in the last three years, says the Financial Post. A labor an 1 materials become available the grea bulk of these wili be put into production, providing highly paid jobs for 10-15.000 men. In addition there will he expenditure of perhaps $50-$60 million fci -tipples, equipment, underground work and mill constructive
1946: France:France:~It wa.- in 1665 that the first phone brought to Canada from France was disembarked, from a sailing ship at Tadoussac. It was presented to the Governor of New , Augustin de Saffray de Mesy. by the settlers. Now horses arc going in the other direction. A special Canadian National train of 22 stock cars carried 374 horses from Alberta and Saskatchewan to the dockside recently and movements of Canadian horses to  will continue every second week as long as there is space on the boats.
1946: Canada::~urging farmers all of it  to place their order tor farm help at once with the nearest	local office	of	the	Nationol Employment	Service	or	nearest Agri-
1946: France:Italy:~Switzerland's rate was 38 per 1,000 in 1942, a decrease of 3 per 1,000 since 1941. Second were the Netherlands, with a rate of 40 per 1,000, and the United States, also with a rate of 40. Both countries showed decreases since 1941. Rates of infant mortality in other countries for of the total system. Two-thirds of 1942 were Union of South Africa. 48; the schools increased emphasis on United Kingdom, 52; Canada, 54; science, mathematics, first aid, safe-Germany, 68; , 70; Belgium, ty and physical education. Preflight 78; Argentine, 84; , 108; Bui- training was introduced in 71 per garia, 127; Portugal, 132; Cyprus, cent of city schools, and in 46.6 185; and Chile, 195.	per cent of county systems.
1946: Canada::~The Charles Long Lac is located a short distance north of the Little Long Lac Mine: its adjoining neighbors arc Nordarm (controlled by Northern  Mines), Lafayette and Marquette.
1946: Mr. King’~s announcement added that the present shipping situation "forecast all troops now in Germany should he hack in Canada by September or ( etober."
1946: Canada::~Mr. King pointed out that , unlike the big nations, was not the occupying powers and was not a member of the Allied Control Commission. At the same time other European allies, not in a position to supply contingents at the beginning of the occupation, "are now becoming increasingly able to share in occupation duties.'1
1946: Canada::~Twenty-two employees or for mcr employees of the government previously had been rounded up *n  in connection with the investigation.
1946: Canada:usa:~A huge black market organization stretching from Halifax into inland  has been uncovered by Royal Canadian Mounted Police. The theft ring involved hundreds of thonds of dollars worth of merchandise, mostly expensive British textiles.
1946: Regular employment and pay envelopes make for carefree families for prosperous communities for good times”~ for employer and employee alike. The National Employment Service, with offices than 200 cities and towns across Canada, serves the needs of both employers and employees- and the local N. E. S. office takes its place in importance to the community among the time honoured munity institutions the Post Office, the Court House, the City Hall..........
1946: vtlivivnt methods ol product tun amt -pwo ciualitled Elementary Teacher: processing. For example, the d' “ •~ ti>r Masham School Corporation lute<t National vussion was keen on a suggested Salary $900. per year, plus bonus the Canada project of having the dairy rows ot ; l>uties to commence Sept. 3, 1940
1946: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1946: Canada::~rent laymen of The United Church of . The drive for r tal to place the existing fund sound
1946: Canada::~of  through 11 conferences. 115 Harkness. at Maryland.	84th year.	un 1 1 IL	ULli f lUL
1946: CANADA::~0. P. W.  BRAND PAINT
1946: Canada::~At Ottawa, a finance official stated the po t would he a full-time joh and if Mr. Towers accepted it lie would retire as head of the Rank of . lie was named Governor when the hank was established in VM5.
1946: Canada::~A warmer public tribute than had ever before been paid to a retiring Governor-General in  mar o <1 the departure last week of the ! rl of Atblone and Princess Aime after nearly six years’ service* to this country.
1946: Canada::~ate a( tion, it was pointed out, and  intended to do it< utmost in llii' regard for “unless the need i> met. gra u disorder.-», endanger-
1946: Canada::~In a new programme announced last week by Prime Minister King.  has undertaken to maintain food shipments to starving people throughout the world at a maximum during the next four years. Soon, as pictured above, the Canadian farmer will begin
1946: Canada::~In an address to the members of the Frozen Food Institute at their recent meeting in New York City F.J. Perry. Assistant Chief. Fruit and Vegetable Inspection (Canning), Dominion Department of Agriculture, dealt with Canadian relationship to the frozen food industry. The first .attempt made in  with frozen food products, he said, was in 1925, u hen fruits for re-manufacturing were frozen, but it was not until seven years later that the first recom- 1 mended pack was introduced for the consumers use.
1946: Canada::~How lucky wc are in . The world looks to us for food, all kinds. You’ll need all the chicks you’ve room for to satisfy your markets. Eggs or meat. Big-4 Chicks are the choice of poultry keepers who know of their livability, high production. Wide choice of breeds, crosses, breeders Government inspected and bloodtested for both strains of pul-
1946: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOU! Great « Minor t unity l earn Hairdressing
1946: Canada::~aggregate production last year was about 12,000.000 tons, including the following principal supplies: 4.700,000 from Iraq; 2.000,000 from Trinidad from Bahrein; 1,000,000 from , and 200.000 from India.
1946: CANADA::~OSMOSE WOOD PRESERVING COMPANY OF  LTD.
1946: Canada::~There were more chicks fed SHUR-GAIN Chick Starter in  last year than any other brand
1946: England:Canada:~wounded,t and later fspent several Our old friend Mr. R. C. Rowe, months in , being repatriat- formerly master mechanic of the ed to  on the Queen Elizabeth. Mint at Ottawa has returned to his
1946: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1946: Local dairymen listened with much interest to ' Dr. D. J. Campbell’~s broadcast over C.K.C.O. on Friday, April 26. The program was sponsored by the Central Canada Vetinary Association.
1946: Canada::~Aryshire calf teams from Pontiac hearty welcome to about 150 service County had made top scores at Cen- personnel in a large W elcome Home tral  Exhibition’s Junior banquet held in the Sunday School Show, for several years in succession, room of the United Church on Mon-Mr.’~ Napier complimented the own- day evening this week, of the four Ayrshire herds which Dinner was served to the personnel had been classified on the previous and their friends by the womens day by Prof. Ness. . He announced Institutes of Shawville, Clarendon that the herd of G. T. Dagg and Son. and Starks Comers A similar ban-Shawville, with an average herd quel to as many of the soldiers ana type score of 88.57 percent., is now their friends was given in the ran. the second highest scoring Ayrshire At the table brief addresses of herd in Canada in	the class for herds	thanks were	given by H. C. Hoxvatt
1946: Canada::~Next in line was the Bonnieshade assistant chaplin of the Headquarters herd of Mr. MacKechnie with an at Ottawa, who issued a strong chal-average herd score of- 87.24 percent, tenge to make  the Christian on four “excellent”, 11 “very good \ land she ought to be and so help m three “good plus” and one “good” building a new world. He called for and first calf heifers. This is each individual to build a high moral
1946: Canada::~nous an ii.s of 's hard-of-hearing who once suffered in silence because of high hearing aid costs, have discovered they need pay no more than $10 for a quality hearing aid. It’s the New Zenith Rad ionic. More people are buying it than all other makes combined?
1946: usa:Canada:~Send for your Zenith today. Put II on yourself in the privacy of your home. Wear it amongst family and friends-to church, work, club. Let your own ears decide. If you are not completely satisfied return it within 10 days and your money will be funded promptly andwitliout question. Thonds who have made this test now hear better with a Zenith! Send $40 check or money order to: Zenith Radio Corporation of . Ltd.. Guaranty Trust Bldg., WL-1210-46, Box 30, Windsor, Ontario.
1946: Canada::~Zenith Radio Corp. of , Ltd.
1946: Canada::~giant marigolds, zinnia*, petunia*, portulaca, nicotine, alyssum, are easily grown almost anywhere m . Some of the larger flowers like cosmos and marigolds and nicotine can actually he used in the place of shrubs. Seeds should he started early and in finely prepared soil. Plants are transplanted to permanent quarters when they are well established with several sets of leaves. Sonic time can he saved by buying ready-started bedding plants. For husky growth tall cosmos, gladiolus, dahlias, giant marigolds and zinnias should have about two feet each way. Petunias, nasturtiums, medium marigolds, need about a foot apart for best results— smaller things like alyssum require six inches each way
1946: Canada:United States:~Considerable quantities of potatoes are being imported into  from the  tagged as “War Approved Seed ' or “Seed Potatoes—
1946: Canada:Canada:~Not Certified qualify for seed purposes in  and their sale is contrary to the Destructive Insect and Pest Act of . states the Dominion Department of Agriculture.
1946: Canada:United States:~The Department pointed out that Wartime Prices and Trade Board regulations specify that the imported potatoes in question must be sold within the ceiling price for table potatoes and. the Department emphasizes, should not be used for seed purposes in . The only potatoes imported from the  which comply with the regulations applicable to seed potatoes are those certified by a State or other official certifying agency, said the Department.
1946: The Dominion’s national holiday — July 1 —~ will remain Dominion Day to Ontario * * matter what the fate of the bill passed by the House of Commons which now goes to the Senate to change the name to Canada Day.
1946: Canada::~The long heralded improved service pay rates aimed at attracting highest type recruits to 's enlarged peacetime active forces of 51,100 men were announced last week. I hey include a basic rate and subsistence allowance of $95 a month for ratings, privates and aircraftmen ferme Oct. 1
1946: Canada::~This clean stainless known nil over  n* Moone's Emerald Oil, Is such n fine healing agent that Eczema, Barber's Itch, Salt Rheum, Itching Tors and Feet, and other Inflammatory skin .eruptions are often relieved »n a days.
1946: Canada:United States:~1 he 4U-hour working week has almost become standard in  and the , any hours worked after that being suject to timc-and-half payments, comments the S.. Thomas Timcs-Journal. It is interesting to note, therefore, that while the Trades Union ( on -of Great Britain lias as its
1946: Canada::~(In the U S A. isk 1er 61m PM;) Nat Iona I Drug A Chemical Company of  .Limited
1946: Canada::~Under the provisions of the contributions 90 percent has to he spent in this country for goods to he shipped to need) nations and the remainder goes into a free fund to he spent as Unrra decides. However, the free fund, contributed by all the nations in Unrra, will make extensive purchases in  because the goods are available here.
1946: Canada::~Any shortage Unrra is experitn eing in funds is due to failure ot other nations to pay their contributions as promptly as , said an official
1946: CANADA::~OSMOSE WOOD PRESERVING COMPANY OF  LTD 1465 Yotige Street
1946: Canada::~MILLIONS OF AMERICAN VISITORS arc expected to come to  during 1946 for their post-war vacation.
1946: garage man, the farmer, the office worker—~everybody benefits directly or indirectly from tourist pending, and the extra work and income it Last year, tourists in Canada spent more than one hundred andfijty million dollars. In the ability to handle tourist traffic grows, who is
1946: Canada::~say how big this business may become? For  enviable position—a natural vacation land next door to the most travel-minded nation in the world. This is an all-important year! It may be difficult in many ways yet it holds great promise
1946: Canada::!”~ By making them truly welcome, we can win millions of enthusiastic salesmen for Canada tomers”~ who will pass on to many times their number the story of Canadian hospitality and of Canada's unlimited as a vacation land.
1946: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1946: Canada::~He came to  in 1913 and
1946: Canada::~Newspapers in Western  and 1 mtvd States face newsprint shortage as 50.000 numbers of International Woodworkers of America (l*. I.O. ) threaten to sti ike for 1 cents an hour increase.
1946: Canada::~CONSTRUCT YOUR OWN TELEscope to study the stars view craters on the moon. Kit Includes 2% ' object lens, 3 foot tube, eyepiece and Instructions for assembly. $2.60 postpaid. 8. Janes A Co. 612  Building, Saskatoon.
1946: CANADA:usa:~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Halrdressln Pleasant dignified pro wages, thonds successful Marvel graduates. America’s greatest sy tern. Illustrated catalogue free Write or call
1946: CANADA::~TRANS- FILM
1946: Canada::~Winnipeg, .
1946: Canada::~Laurent in connection with the redistribution of Parliamentary seats in .
1946: Canada::~The poultry industry in  has become big business. It is made up, however, of a multitude of small businesses. It is in the continued success or non-success of these individual businesses that the story of the future will be written, says the Egg and Poultry Market Report. Dominion Department of Agriculture. It is only by the closest attention to the
1946: Canada::~t gave me tjuilv a lilt. II was young  Here were husky young v it! I lu pc enthusiastic and op timi-t v young wives who were not ud hut satisfying job of In ng to have babies, nor tc tickle
1946: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U S.
1946: Canada::rpo all intents and purposes this J- is a photograph of an ordinary telegraph pole, but on its cross arms are wires forming telegraph circuits which were part of ’~s wartime defence and security on the Atlantic seaboard. It was one of the l>est kept secrets in eastern Canada. The pole stands just outside of a small brick building in Moncton, N.B., which houses the delicate instruments for testing the circuits and repeaters of the vital communication system linking up the various naval, air and army bases that are included in the Atlantic Command. This secret testing station was operated and maintained by the Canadian National ^ .^w of the vital importance of Telegraphs. The various bases of the ^e installation.
1946: Canada::~exterior flnUh. A mine of Inform at Ion for those ,lntere*ted In cou at ruction. Sent pOHlpaid. Three do I hirn. Mahterprlnt Company, Toron to II, .
1946: CANADA::~IOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL *i eat Opportunity Learn Hairdressing
1946: Canada::~K. J. Bi mining. *.* Coal Controller, said the Government hopes to have a rev »~ tons of Western coal shipped to Central Canada to *se the critical fuel shortage facing Ontario and Quebec in the coming winter.
1946: CANADA::~TRANS  FILM SERVICE
1946: Canada::~vince of  and some repre- st. James' Anglican Church, Otter | and relatives in town. * aentativea from the States. Herr the I Lake, was prettily decorated with party from Shaw ville attended th< I late Summer blooms on Saturday,
1946: CANADA::~COAST-TO-COAST KELLOGG'S ARE 'S
1946: Canada::~Inflation in  will really he under, way when the 25-ccnt meal, which now costs 50 cents, goes up to a dollar
1946: “~There are 10 Socialists for every Communist in Canada. It is Socialists not communists who are causing the strikes. The CCL has repeatedly stated that their ultimate objective is socialism. How can you expect management to deal with unions when the CCL openly states they strive for socialism which, if attained, would deprive capitalists and management of their investment.”
1946: Canada::~Sugar continues to be rationed because it is in short supply all over the world. If sugar rationing in  were abandoned now it would mean that large areas of the country would get no sugar at all and other parts would have more than their fair share.
1946: The world’~s sugar supplies are allocated by the Combined Food Board and the allocating of sugar to all those who need it has been one of outstanding examples of international co-operation during the war. The Combined Food Board distributes the world supply of sugar to all countries and Canada receives an allotment based on the ainount of augar which was received by Canadians in normal times.
1946: Canada::~Prime Minister Ping of  warned the Conference to stop "wasting vital time" and prepare "decent instruments of peace without endangering the future by futile discussions."
1946: England:Holland:~The names commonly associated with the breeds of live stock to be found in Canada arc those of the older lands of Europe, of  and Scotland and the farm lands of ,  and Belgium, since farmers from these
1946: Canada::~lands came to  to build new
1946: Canada::~which the older countries were famous says the Ottawa Journal. Their names have become as familiar in  as in their
1946: Canada::~buyers. This export business in high-class breeding stock has become a profitable sideline for Canadian farmers, an important factor in 's export trade and one likely to grow.
1946: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LRA DING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Iinlrdr«:jln* - - -Ptcaaant dig Mfled profession. good wnge*. thousands successful Marvel graduates. America's g rem I e in I ays-tem Illustrated catalogue free. Write or call
1946: Canada::~Ten thoroughbred Tamworth pigs arrived in Britain from  recently marking the first shipment of such breeding stock to that country since before the war. The British importation was made under the auspices of the Rational Pig Breeders Association, London, Eng., and the shipment and collection of pedigree documents was handled through the Canadian National Railways colonization and agriculture department.
1946: Canada::~Necessity of obtaining priority certificates to buy a new passenger ear or truck has been eliminated in '  by C. D. Howe, Reconstruction Minister.
1946: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in US.
1946: Canada::~Mr. Nathan Smith has returned to his home in Caldwell section, after spending some time in harvesting operations in Western .
1946: CANADA::~COAST TO COAST KELLOGG'S ARE 'S
1946: Canada::~\I^ecause we are a moderate people,  has
1946: Canada::~The first post-war shipment of pedigree Jersey cattle ia shortly to leave the Channel Islands tor stock farms in . Elaborate precautions arc being taken to safeguard the cargo which constitutes probably the largest and cer
1946: Rheumatic-patn Salve to sufferers of Rheumatism - Arthritis - Sciatica -Neuritis. This “~American Rheumatic Pair. Salve'* developed especially nnd after consistent research Is available to you now. This special Introductory trial offer is Inexpensive but the relief obtained Is priceless. Take advantage of this special trial offer at a saving to you. Available now in Canada. One ounce container for only $1.00. If you suffer from: Rheumattsm-Arth-rltls-Sçlatlca - Neuritis - Cold Complaints and really want effective relief—“American Rheumatic Pain Salve" In what you need. Prove It to Yourself ns chemist’~s tests's have proved. Write direct to American Drug & Chemical Co.. 2323B Bloor St., West, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Send money order or postal not. No C.O.D/s or stamps please.
1946: Canada:usa:~Back in the early 80 s, when the Canadian Pacific Railway was pushing its line through to British Columbia in a successful gamble aga'nst nature with the keeping of British Columbia in the Confederation of  as the prize, the little ports of the North Shore were hives of activity. Where Marathon's paper mill now squats its huge bulk was the port of Peninsula, with its thonds of rough, tough, railway laborers. To the west there was Jackfish, then Coldwcll, with its beautiful greensided cove looking like a little bit of Cornwall. To these tiny ports the Steamers Algoma, Alberta and Athabaska, the latter two still afloat, carried men and materials as the hardrock men cut their way along the shore. They built the railway, but they made little impression on the brooding miles and miles of spruce and pulp wood which grew practically to Superior’s shores It was a country vast in resources; good to look upon as a visitor, the operating railwayman’s nightmare, and a singularly unproductive area.
1946: Canada::~Actually, there is in process of being spent between 's "Cold Spot” White River and Schreiber, on the C P R ’s main line to the West, upwards of seventy-five millions of dollars. Two huge pulp and paper developments have i>ccn there fet ten or more years — the Ontario Paper Com pany at Heron Bay, and the BromptQp Paper Company a* Red Rock.
1946: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity. I .earn Hairdressing
1946: Japan::on the job already living in quarters set up for interned ese durit g the war. Others are in entirely new camps of semipermanent nature which are being built in spite of scarcity of every thing from lumber to nails Hydro people have a race on with the Kimberley Clark people. The> must have power ready when the mill is ready to commence operations. There hasn’~t been a ract like it in Canada since the one 1928 when engineers dug a tunne underneath the Plains of Abrahan
1946: CANADA::~NEW  SAVINGS BONDS ON SALE OCT. 13, YIELD 2.75 Pet
1946: Canada::~The new  Savings Bonds— peacetime version of Victory Bonds—
1946: Canada::~The bonds are redeemable at 100 percent, plus interest at any time and at any branch of a chartered bank in  upon identification of the registered holder, interest
1946: “~The fact that the Canada Savings the J. J. Caldwell farm, containing Bond is backed by the resources of 1100 acres, more or less. Splendid the Dominion of Canada makes it j water supply. Close to School and the safest of all investments, and j Church. For further particulars comparison can only properly be apply to made with other Dominion of Canada issues”, the Minister said in a statement.
1946: Canada::~Dominion of  bonds maturing in 1959 and callable in 1956. theoretical yield on these securities currently stands at approximately 2.43 percent. Thus the yield on
1946: 'fient of horses from Western •~'astern Canada has been the ¦est in recent years, the move. totalling 9.950 animals.
1946: Canada::~British Columbia the number rebuilding, oenings for bushmen, especially jd workers, is the highest it has for some time. Lumber opera- Alberta and northwestern Ontario I vn eastern  are just start- will look to the prairies for an inWinter operations and it is ex- creased number of woods workers d the demands in Ontario and as soon as harvesting has been com-and the Maritimes will be pleted. With the number of skilled <*igher than last year.	men limited operators are providing >
1946: Canada::~You can buy your  Savings Bonds at your local B of M branch for cash, on the Monthly Savings Plan, or on the Deferred Payment Plan. Any member of our staff will be glad to give you full particulars.
1946: Canada::~There are worse places to live in than . Here we pay 25 cents for a high-grade brick of ice cream. In New York the same thing
1946: Canada::~Because suggestions and requests have come to me from all parts of the country that facilities for this kind of saving be continued in peacetime, the  Savings Bond has been created.
1946: Canada::~The issue of War Savings Certificates and Stamps to the general public will be discontinued on September 30th, and final instalments on the last Victory Bond issue will have been completed in the near future.  Savings Bonds, therefore, will provide an opportune means for citizens to carry on their regular savings habits without interruption.
1946: Canada:Canada:~The genera] public should note that this time there will be fewer salesmen than in the case of Victory Bonds. Although the new  Savings Bonds will be sold through banks, authorized investment dealers, stock brokers and trust or loan companies, these agencies will not be able to approach every individual Canadian. This means that for the most part it will be left to Canadians to assume the responsibility for their own purchases of  Savings Bonds. If they wish to grasp this opportunity, they should act for themselves without delay.
1946: Canada::~I now announce the terms of the new  Savings Bonds, which will be offered commencing October 15th.
1946: Canada::~... Features of the new  SaWMiS Bonds
1946: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U.S.
1946: Canada::~is remaining in  for an ex- great-grandchildren, tended visit.	The funeral was held on Tuesday
1946: Canada::~The 4,000 German prisoners of war still in  will all have been sent to the United Kingdom by the end of 1946.
1946: Canada::~Defence Department authorities said they would be despatched to the United Kingdom, for whom  has been acting as their custodian, whether they wish to remain in the Dominion or not.
1946: Canada::~The peak of German prisoners in  was 3„000. Those still here have been mainly engaged in the sugar beet industry.
1946: Canada::~About 1,700,000 people in  have never spent a night aboard a train. We never realized how many lucky people there are.
1946: The salaried individual is still the "forgotten man”~ of Canada. Hit income remains “frozen” by official decree but he has to pay more and more for almost everything he is required to buy.
1946: Canada::~1010  Bldg.. Windsor. Ont
1946: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity. Learn Hairdressing
1946: Of all the people who seek to be independent, only the man who firmly makes up his mind to do something --and does it—ever actually achieves independence. A very good something you can do is to put your sa. >£~8 into Canada Savings Bonds
1946: CANADA::~We highly recommend  SAVINGS BONDS
1946: Canada::~Government experts said that by then  would have met her commitments to UNRRA, and a number of foreign governments and meat would be in much larger supply.
1946: Canada::~Seven railway passenger cars fitted as school classrooms on wheels travel throughout Ontario to bring learning to the children of railway section hands, fur trappers, prospectors, hunters, and farmers living far from towns or villages in the north  bush. Covering roughly the area from Noth Bay to the Ontaio-Manitoba boundary, each of the school cars or wheels stops for a week at a time at a definite spot once a month, and here the children of every European nationality as well as Canadians and native Indians get their schooling from Grade 1 to Grade 10.
1946: Canada::~$1.50 in ; $2.00 in U.S.
1946: England:Canada:~Major L. I. and* Mrs. Bath, of Birmingham. , arrived last week from overseas and intend to remain in . At present they are staying with Mr. and Mrs. Dawson Armstrong.
1946: Canada:United States:~Wash., after an extended trip in Eastern  and the . They speet several days the guests of the former's sisters-in-law.
1946: Canada::~Maternity and Medical 80 bed Government Licensed fully equipped, near No. 3 and 24 Highways. Could be operated by two nurses, good turnover. Owner leaving . 7 miles to nearest hospital. For full Information apply Box 329, Delhi.
1946: CANADA::~.NOW IN , POP! I.ARLV
1946: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity. Learn Hairdressing
1946: Canada::~WANTED large battery of Wilputt Ovens. No lost time, work Inside heated building, long Job. Exper'ence In fire brick work not necessary. Phone 51112 Hamilton or write to Box 210, Hamilton. Poke Oven Company of  Limbed, c/o of Steel Co. of Can. Ltd, Hamilton Works. Hamilton. Ont.
1946: DOCTOR OF IIIO-PSX CHOLOGX Grapho-Analyst and Personal Coun seller *11 ladvise you In your per tonal, domestic, business and rell glou* problems Write your prob lem and enclose stamp for reply Dr. L R Henn. Assinlbola. Sa skat •~ h'wnn. Canada.
1946: Canada::~The largest single shipment of, apples ever made from  left Vancouver on November 15 per the SS Durango for Britain, the Agriculture Department said recently. There are 281,984 bushel boxes in the shipment or about 56,000,000 apples cf different varieties, which were grown in British Columbia.
1946: Canada:Italy:~Approximately 1,700 Polish war Canadian Polish Congress, extends picture the new arrivals received veterans, members of the famous 8th a welcome to a group of the bcrib- part of their last army pay in the Army, landed at Halifax Tuesday boned vets, many of whom were embarkation area through the Can-Nov. 12 and were transported across wearing the 8th Army crusade patch adian Pacific offices before being de- by Canadian Pacific Railway ami all who were still in uniform, spatched to various Canadian army for immediate (placement at farm They were discharged before sailing depots for disposal to Canadian work. TOP, J. S. W. Grocholski, from Naples, , and will soon farms Toronto lawyer and president of the don civilian clothes. In the lower,
1946: The chicks that give you the ‘extra’~ profits. Good markets guaranteed, at good prices. Get that extra production which only good chicks give you. Canada Approved, breeders pullorum tested. Demand is heavy, order your January-February chicks now. Ask agent for prices. Wide choice Breeds, crossbreeds, Kitchener Bic-4 Hatchery 1081 King St, East, Kitchener, or Gord F. Witt, Portage
1946: Canada::~The story of 's War at Sea is a record of building ships: of manning the naval vessels of »he Roy pi Canadian Navy and the cargo ships of the Canadian Merchant Navy: and of the va'or and endurance of Canadian sailors and merchant seamen on all the oceans.
1946: Germany:Canada:~In 1040. after the Germans had 3verrun Wcsterrt Kurope, the .a-tions of the British Commonwealth stood alone in arms with the exiled forces of the occupied lands against the might of Nazi . Briton's resistance depended on the North Atlantic life-line navy, 's merchant fleet and the builders of Canadian ships had a vital part «n holding that life-line of freedom.
1946: Canada::~The background of the story, the part which deals with the maritime history of , is by Stephen Leacock, who held a unique place in Canadian letters.
1946: Canada::~What it amounts to .in effect, is that enough shortening will he placed on the market to give each family in  about three-quarters of a pound extra during the three-month period As short ening is not rationed it means also that some housewives will get more, others less, than they are fairly entitled to.
1946: Canada::~Most serious aspect of the domestic picture is the heavy drop in lard production. Since 1944 's output of lard has fallen from a peak of 132 million pounds to an estimated 40 million pounds.
1946: Canada:Canada:~What the situation does reflect is the world-wide shortage of fats and oils, from which  in common with other countries is suffering. , for example, imports about 53 per cent of her requirements of fats and oils. Because of this dependence on the world position she faces a serious problem, for the surplus of fats and oils available for international trade today is less than half of what it was in pre-war years.
1946: Canada:United States:~As indicated above, the current shortage is not just a Canadian problem. Nor can it be solved entirely in , nor on a world basis for perhaps some years to come. As steps toward its solution however, it would appear that Can ada would be well advised to place the greatest possible emphasis on the production of crops which yield vegetables oils and also, as the  is now doing, to investigate the possibility of increased lard-hog production.
1946: Canada:Canada:~Since July supplies have been allocated through the International Emergency Food Council, and  has received fair treatment. The fact is that there is not sufficient to go round. Even were the pre-war level of imports available, it would still be insufficient for present requirements: this because of 's increased population, spending power and industrial activity.
1947: Canada::~$2.00 in : $2.50 in U S.
1947: Six of Britain’~s best thoroughbred stallions have landed in Ottawa and will be used to Improve the breeding of race horses and hunters in Canada.
1947: Within two years one out of every three marriages contracted by members of the armed services in uniform—-anywhere—~will have ended in divorce, it was estimated recently by the associate secretary of the Board of Evangelism and Social Services of the United Church of Canada. Out of about 40.000 British war brides who have arrived in Canada, a few hundred have given up and gone home, which would seem to indicate that this group is having, if anything, better than average success in making a go of marriage entered into in wartime. But for some strange reason their failures, a comparatively small percentage, seem to have been singled out as the only ones suitable for public dissection.
1947: Canada::~ly m .	I
1947: Canada::~To a Tl true humanitarians this heralds a new era. Our humanitarian system in  suffers from a DU< weakness—namely that it : ; ntcrcd in the cities where human being congregate a id animals ore comparatively few. It is the aim et the Valiev S<
1947: Canada::~of cruelty addressed to the inspector. ! Clarendon Council met on the bred by experienced and well esta la - j Box 370. Ottawa: any information above date. Present Mayor FuLford lished Hatchery.  Approved which help him to locate those farms and a full Board of Councillors. breeders pullorum tested, on which animals are suffering from 1 The newly elected Mayor Mr. E. i GIVE US YOUR ORDER NOW starvation and neglect is desired. P. FuLford. and Councillors, A. O. especially for delivery now or next Reports may be sent anonymously Stark. James Judd and Harold Elliott month. Wide choice breeds, crosses, if writers prefer. It is hoped in thi- having subscribed to their Oath of Kitchener Big-4 Hatchery, Kitchener way to “bring out" that neighbour. Office, the minutes of last meeting, or R. E. Workman Shaw ville. Que. who. while his ethical nature de- and the results of the election was ntands that he come to the rescue of read and approved on motion of Ci ; n suffering dumb animal, is deterred Whelen and Brownlee from doing so by the knowledge that
1947: Canada::~"If we arc to preserve the American way of life, the menace of Communism must be met and its forward march halted," says J. Edgar Hoover in the current issue of the American Magazine that goes for  and the Canadian way of life, also.
1947: Canada:Canada:~Tom's ancestral ties with  were to be augmented later when, as a youth, he worked in  as a telegraph operator at Sarnia and at Stratford Junction.
1947: Canada::~It was an ordinary boy brimming with normal deviltry, not as the soon-to-be inventor of such miraculous things as the electric light, the phonograph and the motion picture, that young Tom received his first black eye in Sarnia in 1860. The then Prince of Wales, traveling as Lord Renfrew, was to stop off at Sarnia during a tour of , and Edison was among a group of Port Huron lads who crossed the river to see the visiting royalty. In a dispute over the Prince, later Edward VII, the Canadians whipped the Yankees
1947: Canada::~I returned to  on the last day I I of 1945 and. on getting his dis- I | charge, he signed with Stratford I I seniors, and was one of their most I . I consistent scorers. In the playoffs, I I after leading the Stratford scoring I I drive, Meeker was halted by a I I broken arm.	I
1947: Canada::~The new issue will be the first commemorative stamp  has issued since 1030, when a stamp commemorating the royal visit was printed.
1947: Canada::~Although he came to  im 1870, and resided for a short time at Brantford, Ont., with his parents, lie spent much of his life in the United Stataes, doing research on aids to the deaf in Boston and later in Washington.
1947: Canada::~In his later years, he spent his summers in Cape Breton, and he finally moved to  and lived in the Maritimes for He is buried at Beinn Breagh, Bad-deck, N.S
1947: Canada::~BARRED ROCKS A WHITE LEGhorns. Baby Chicks:  ap-
1947: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn . Hairdressing
1947: Canada::~FROM COLLECTION STARTED 1896 can supply following  r.°A9t?£e Stamps. 80 different 60c. 210 different $5.00. O. S. Smyth. 110 Balmoral South, Hamilton. Ont.
1947: Canada::~Ottawa. , 21st January. 1947 Mrs. Lola E Brownlee, Shawville. Quebec.
1947: Canada::~The Society has $4300 00 in Do- rhyming scheme. It must be humor irnnion of  Bonds; $1000.00 :ous, preferably nonsensical.) of which was bought in 1946. being $100.00 more than in 1945. Cash on hand almost $1000. is approximately same as 1945, $300.00 was paid for part of lot west of main entrance, purchased from Richard T. Hodgins.
1947: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U.S.
1947: Canada::~Eastern . ShawviUe and district, was still digging out after the'were, Ventura for St Anthony's in
1947: Canada::~opened the road, west of Shaw ville sugar became available to  contracting firm in that city. Active |<>r phone to above address, or Mr to the Mines, but the going is very [from allocations made by the Inter- in community Life, he was a city] Austin Clarke, Quyon, Quo.
1947: Canada::~not sorted at the Post Office until	said  would probabaly re-	Ste. Marie, two brothers, Edward of	rnent	enables us	to give you these
1947: Canada::~in Eastern , with the Ottawa I rom modi ties such as sugar might be I deceased attended Wthe ^uhera*/ but Community Hospital will be held at district reporting the heaviest snow thrown out of gear and it would be i Mrs. A. Draper, through ill-health the hospital on Tuesday afternoon, fall in history.	I "every country for itself’.	I was unable to be present.	Feb. 11th, at two o’clock. ___
1947: Canada::~dian Red Cross Society depends upon the voluntary support of the people of . " Mr. King said.
1947: Canada::~The appeal is for funds for the peacetime work of the Canadian Red Cross. The plans require funds for the maintenance and expansion rf its extensive peacetime services including a great new undertaking t ' i ,t make free blood transfusions avail- J able free throughout .
1947: Canada::~Prime Minister W. L. Macknzie King prepared a. statement in support of the Canadian Red Cross National Appoal for $5.000,000 which opens across  on Monday. (March 3rd) except in the Province of Quebec, where it opens a week late,
1947: “~In helping to meet a national need through enabling the Canadian Red Cross Society's services to be continued and devloped. the citizens of Canada may feci that they performing a national service,” the Prime Minister said.
1947: “~I can speak. I know, on behalf of all political parties in Canada in urging support of the work of the Society.
1947: “~By its appeal for 1947. the Society hopes to develop within Canada certain services which, during the ) years of war, had in sornt measur*
1947: Canada::~to get the mu i kets.  pullorum tested
1947: CANADA::~JUIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Hairdressing
1947: Canada::~Chevrolet dealers are displaying the newest creation of 's largest producer of automobiles
1947: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U S.
1947: Canada:Canada:~We in  en.iov a special privilege.  i> the only country in the world where so many foods arc regularly graded and marked for the retail buyer.
1947: Canada::~Kggs sold in  are graded. The highest grade AI eggs arc the finest quality obtainable. These are not always available and arc of course high in price. Grade A eggs are also of excellent quality. Both these grades have firm iellylike white which hold its shape. They are therefore perfect for poaching or frying as well as cooking in the shell. Grades It and C— have less firm whites which spread when the shell is broken.
1947: Canada::~The O S.A. Annual Exhibition is NOT a members show (a fact that is too often misinterpreted) but an opportunity open to all painters and sculptors in  to submit their works along with members of the society for selection by the Selection ami Hanging Committee. A new jury is elected each year. It is their responsibility not only to select some 150 works from an average of. u00 works submitted but to uphold the highest possible standard in painting and sculpture from the academic to the abstract. It is both interesting and encouraging to note that over 50 per cent of the work accepted and hung each year is the work of non-members.
1947: Canada::~Mrs. Aitken explains that the $100 prize will go to the winner of the most artistic quilt in the form of a picture map of . It should be done on a white background with the Provincial boundaries outlined. The industrial and natural resources of the nation are to be shown by embroidery or applique.
1947: Canada::~During January. 316 such .cases | were investigated in . 175 by Nos. l and 2. for Masham Schools provincial authorities, 41 by other Corporation, with elementary dip-agencies and 100 by the regional lumas. _ Salaries $900.00 per term, office staff. At Jan. 31 there were plus $50.00 bonus. Duties to corn-172 accountants being paid to ad- men ce Sept. 2nd. 1947. Apply to ministrators and trustees as a result	J A. WALLACE,
1947: Canada::~Most parts of  have suffered fire losses and fatalities in the past fewr months. A disastrous blaze in Quebec Province in August destroyed 14 buildings valued at $250.000, and killed nine children. In February, this year, a nun and six children met death in a fire which wiped out an orphanage in Saskatchewan.
1947: Canada::~April chicks-make your choice Kitchener Big-4. Husky, healthy, from good stock,  Approved, breeders pullorum tested. Special April prices. Pullets, cockerals, some started. Immediate shipment Soon out on range-watch them grow to catch meat and egg markets. Kitchener Big-4 Hatchery 1081 King E. Kitchener Ont.
1947: Canada::~An exchange of university students between Switzerland and  is one of the plans of the Swiss minister to this Dominion, Dr. Victor Nef, as he explained to the Swiss colony in Toronto recently. Another is an exchange of films.
1947: AN OFFER to every inventor—~List of inventions and full information sent free. The Ramsay Co , Registered Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
1947: CANADA::~JOIN *S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Hairdressing
1947: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U.S.
1947: flMnoi for outstanding Grown a Mil includes, at a tangible expression of epprecuition, «~ I too Canada Scungr Bond. Winners ere srkvted by the Dow Award Committee, a group of editort of ‘«tiding Mv»trfai ictl) nru srop<rj.
1947: Canada::~According to the Dominion Bureau of Statistics 21,000,00# tourists came to  last year and spent $221,000,000.
1947: Aircraft on the North Atlantic routes have been assured the continued use of the long-range aid to navigation (Loran) station operated by the Icelandic government at Vile. Iceland, under an international financing agreement which has been «~signed by Canada, the United Kingdom and other nations at the International Civil Aviation headquarters in Montreal.
1947: FRANCE:Canada:~TA# only Ggorett# Paper MADE IN  on sale in 
1947: Canada::~Hornet saws and engines are facturcd in .
1947: Canada::~Thursday was a still bigger day. It wa$ the day of our W.I. District Annual, and a little special because of it being the 50th Anniversary in . Our branch xvas hostess
1947: CANADA::~PI RE FOOD SHOW A FEATURE AT VENTRAL  EXHIBITION, OTTAWA
1947: Canada::~Pure Food Shows have already been in the forefront of Central  Exhibitions August 18th to 23rd at Lansdownc Park Ottawa, the Pure Food Show is expected to surpass anything hitherto shown in the Capital City.
1947: Canada::~Among the possible projects are reclamation of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick dykelands; flood control, land drainage and irrigation in British; Columbia; the clearing and breaking of new land for farming all across .
1947: Canada::~MacDonnell, M. P. for Muskoka, Ontario. and President of the Progressive Conservatives of . Raymond Tanguay, President of the Young Progressive Conservatives of the Young Progressive Conservatives of St. Antoine-Westmount.
1947: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U S.
1947: Canada::~drivers who are 's potential drivers for the next 50 years, it is pointed out.
1947: Canada:England:~Viscount Bennett, a former Prime Minister of , died suddenly Friday night at his lavish Juriipor Hill home in the quiet countryside, of Surrey, .
1947: Canada::~As Prime Minister of  Bennett followed the traditional Conservative politics of tarriff protection and oi Empire preference in trade.
1947: CANADA::~Ur 'S MOST COMPLETE PHOTO
1947: FRANCE:Canada:~Ogorefte Pooer MADE IN  o.i sale in 
1947: Canada::~Manufacturers* clearance, first quality for double and elnfl* beds In beautiful two-toned colours, worth double the price funded If not eatlefied postage In  254 Sherbrooke Hr.,
1947: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U S,
1947: Canada::~Ii.nl said that certain natural %a wells in  appeared to he riel in helium. That was the duel See
1947: England::~somebody in  remembered that a Canadian scientist, Professor John Cunningham McLennan, had been lecturing in London. Included »~n his lectures were reports on Canada's natural gases The British Admiralty was interested in one particular statement : Professor McLennan
1947: Canada::~Men like this, some of 's finest, are in the service of the public—at jour service.
1947: Canada::~Government, industry and or. ganized Labor face an important decision on the future of 's three-year-old chain of Veterans' technical schools, comments the Financial Post.
1947: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Greet Opportunity Leero Hairdressing
1947: Canada::~In 1916 's hanks [made half a million personal loans to Canadian men and women.
1947: Canada:United States:~Paul Sykes, Canadian trade commissioner in Singapore, reports that there is no basis for the apprehension regarding world supplies of pepper and the possible necessity for the continued use of wartime substitutes. There are ample supplies of various types of pepper available for immediate export from Singapore, and prospective Canadian buyers can be supplied with firm orders at any time, though prices are comparatively high. Despite reported shortages and keen demand in  and the , no business worth mentioning is being done in either of J these markets at present.
1947: Japan:Canada:~Private trade between Canada and  was resumed on August 15 following the approval of the Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers of application from six Canadian businessmen to enter that country. Two other applications are awaiting clearence by SCAP, and this will complete the quota of eight places allocated to  by the Inter-Allied Trade Board in Wash-
1947: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U.S.
1947: Canada::~A Rousing Welcome was accorded Prime Minister Mackenzie King hy his home town, Waterloo, Out. Hundreds swarmed to the platform for the opportunity of shaking Mr. King's hand and young , as shown here, was well represented.
1947: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Hairdressing
1947: As we mentioned some time ago, we plan from time to time to have a column which will be headed, ‘Our Interview.”~ Here wc hope to present a newsy and off-hand chat with people you have heard or read about. The first one will appear next week. We have chosen for our first interview, a lovable sort of character, who is known all across Canada. Wc referring to the famous Canadian writer, Gregory Clark. Greg has long been associated with Jim Frise, the cartoonist and we think that you will find our first interview, interesting and we hope informative. If you have others, you would like us to meet for you, drop a line to this column and we ll do what we can.
1947: Canada::~Every year fire takes a terrific toll of life and property in . Deplorable as is the loss to property, life loss by fire is nothing short of a crime on our civilization for the reason that in the majority of cases it is so needless.
1947: Canada::~Quebec.  presently serving the V.S. Army, thi Mediterranean Theatre of Operations and is assigned to the 7152 TN. Truck Company, his duties are thosi of a bus driver.
1947: Canada::~Hornet saws factored in .
1947: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U S,
1947: Canada::~v ho is one of  s most out- and Mrs. Jas. D Horner, for a few standing instructors. Any person days of this weck interested in instruction or passenger rides will be welcome at the field.
1947: Canada::~s make it with  G>rn **	Starch and it will be a favourite with
1947: Canada:Canada:~The quality of  Com Starch is the reason for its (lopulanty witlT housewives from Coast to Coast. When your recipe calls foj Co[q Starch be sure to use  Corn Starch, its dependable quality ensures excellent results.
1947: CANADA::~The  STARCH COMPANY
1947: CANADA::~IS  S ORIGINAL ALL-FABRIC DYE
1947: CANADA::~DOMINION OF  BONDS
1947: Canada::~The Government of  will repay the REFUNDABLE SAVINGS PORTION of 1942 Income Tax hy March 31st, 1948. If \on are one of those who have refundable savings a cheque xxill he mailed to you BUT—
1947: Canada::~Cards on which to report changes of address or name are being sent to all householders in . These are being distributed at the present time. Additional cards are available either at your district Income Tax office or your local Post Office. Do nothing if you lixe at the same address and liaxe the satire name as in 1942.
1947: Canada::~S a rule in  which appears on no statute hooka* yet it is engraved in the hearts of the people.
1947: Canada::~Constant, day after day observance of this rule is what makes  a country where freedom of thought, word and deed
1947: Canada::~Also in lhe use of whisky is the observance of the Rule of Moderation a credit to the Canadian people. On the list of the world's most temperate nations, 's name stands high—and bright!
1947: Canada::~lino of Veterinary Medlclru a remuneration on rommlaelon bueie. Apply by I letter. IM| A Kune (! Ltd . Verdun. | _ Vue , Riving details of expertem e
1947: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Halrd reaming
1947: Canada::~THE DOW AWARD citation for outstanding heroism and includes, as a tangible expression of appreciation, a Sioo  Savings Bond. Winners are selected by the Dow Award Committee, é group of editors of leading Canadian daily newspapers.
1947: Forms and all documents prepa ••~ 1 tor admission to Canada of Overseas Dis placed persons or refugees. No charge on first enquiry. Fees moderate. Will visit your area If sufficient enquiries in your locality. 22 year# with immigration Department Write.
1947: $7,455 ; net loss $74.1 —that's the result of a football game in Ottawa, played for sweet charity's sake—for the benefit of the crippled children. And it was between two amateur teams, of course for we all know that we haven’~t any such tiling as professional football in Canada.
1947: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U.S.
1947: Canada::~",—World Trader" ing the resources of our land, and our more recent advances in industrial manufactures.
1947: Canada::~Glasgow, Scotland, died at his home ! Wilfred Way, of Shawville: Rev. on Wednesday morning in his 63rd and Mrs. J. Patterson, of Renfrew: year following a long illness. He Mr. and Mrs. Carl Ebert, Mr. and came to  in his youth and |Mrs. Mel. Young, of Campbells Bay married Miss Edna Martineau was a member of L.O.L. No. 46 and had been long a member of Quyon United Church.
1947: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Hairdressing
1947: Canada::~An attractive ureful lasting gift for atudrntM and others. Price $12 06 posit pal d.  Merchandiaere, Post Office Box 8<8. Toronto.
1947: Canada::~Yes, two well deserving boys or girls will receive prize heifers valued at more than $1,000.00 each through the courtesy of Quaker Ful-O-Pep Feeds and The Quaker Oats Company of  Limited.
1947: Canada::~citatum for outstanding heroism and includes, as a tangible expression of appreciation, a 5/00  Sating* Bond. Winners art selected by the Dow Award Committee, a group of editors of leading. Canadian daily newspapers.
1947: If you need credit for business or personal reasons—~talk things over w ith him. He will respect your confidence. His knowledge and experience, with the whole organization of the bank behind him, can provide for you a wealth of information on conditions in Canada and elsewhere too, if you need it.
1947: A»~ in the pant - a Form If permit in required by anyone taking out of Canada more than $10 U.S. or more than a total of $25 in Canadian and foreign currencies.
1947: Canada::~The  Packers Ltd., will be at our Store SATURDAY, DEC. 13th, to buy Dressed Poultry. Highest market prices. Grading and cash on the spot. Bring them in early— preferably before noon.
1947: I By finding out the why's of shortages. ceilings, rationing, and by a unit»~ d effort, Canadian women help-I ed kicp Canada e^ftiuunivilly sound in war.
1947: Long one of the bank’s key execu- anti-social, declare health author- I wish to express my sincere tives, Mr. Ball, who has been head dies. Officials of the Department of thanks and appreciation for the many of the institution's important New National Health and Welfare point acts of kindness, expressions of sym-York agency for the past three years, out that health isn’~t a personal mat- pathy and beautiful floral tributes brings to his new post a broad ex- ter. Since it influences not only received from my many friends, perience in banking. Just past his personality, but work and living neighbours and relatives in the loss 50th year, the new general manager routine, it is of vital concern*to rela- of my dear father, Joseph Brown of Canada's senior bank began his tives and friends, and thus a com- Special thanks foi* kindness during career 33 years ago as a junior at munity matter. It Is, therefore, a his illness.
1947: United States:United States:~Canada supplied 81.5 per cent of Britain's foreign purchases of wheat during the first seven months of this year, 68.2 per cent of her flour purchases, and 94 per cent of the oats imported in- this period. Relatively small quantities of wheat were procured from the  and Argentina, and flour from the  and Australia.
1948: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in UJS.
1948: Canada::~visiting for a few days.	the farmerstof , and Dr. D. C.
1948: Canada::~Early in 1948 jwrc aluminum foil, made in , will be for sale in 10-inch widths in Canadian stores. Its uses are manv and varied. Paint brushes can be cleaned and wrapped in the
1948: So again we say, now ain’t that just too ducky for words? I wonder how many of those holiday deaths could be traced to drunken drivers? We’~ll probably never know. But this very minute many people are suffering the tortures of having loved ones suddenly taken from them, and many of them in the crudest manner. If only we could say what we felt like saying, there wouldn't be a politician in Canada that wouldn’t be suffering from scorched ears.
1948: Canada::’s Wedding Gift to Princess Elizabeth—~This wedding gift of sdver was presented by Prime Minister King on behalf of Canada Princess Elizabeth. Learning that Princess Elizabeth had desired antique silver for a table service, selection of the silver was made, for Canada, by Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone. The service consists of a George I
1948: Canada::~know that (he heart of  :# strong that Canadians have faith in their destiny
1948: Canada::~Saboteurs in  Cause Untold Ruin
1948: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn
1948: Canada::~Start them early, January er February. Our prediction Is that eggs win reach a new high before INI le out. Before erderln* elsewhere send for our catalogue and IMS price llrt. For 24 years Twaddle chicks hare bevu making profits for farmers all over  Also laying pullet*.
1948: Canada::~STAMP COLLECTION, largely  an!
1948: usa::By that time, according to his calculations, there will be a thond millions of English-speaking people in the world —~ 800 million in the United States, If million in Canada, 48 million in Australia, 16 million in South Africa and 70 million in the . United Kingdom.
1948: Canada::~Barbara Ami Scott either positive-ly will or positively wont ran the figure skating title. If she does, it will be simple justice. If not. suspect dirty work at the crossroads and look for the Mayor of Ottajua to jump off the Chateau Laurier roof.  may, or may not be represented tn hockey. IJ not doubt it's all for the best
1948: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U S
1948: England:Canada:~< ;. F. Kingston Pi Im; te of the Chinch of  in .
1948: Canada::~a chance to ice a strong team, all ; of st Paul> Minn.; onc sislcr Mrs. iscenic territory of , its great local players, regardless of what Herbert Tooley of Wmmnctr	resources, and the liberty its people
1948: Germany:Canada:~More than 1500 displaced persons from  recently arrived in  to start
1948: CANADA::~JOIN  S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity I^eam Hairdressing
1948: Canada::~Down m Parliament somebody has come up with the bright suggestion that  should try to find some loophole in the amateur laws whereby Barbara Ann Scott could he provided with a University education, at public expense, and still retain her present status as a “simon pure". This strikes us as about the dizziest idea that has evolved from that direction in some time, which is saying quite a lot.
1948: Then why—just for the purpose of preserving her "amateur status" —~ should Canada give her free education when, just by making one motion picture, she could probably collect enough to take her through every university in the land? Why—just to provide a grand box-office draw for some snobbish Skating Clubs that wouldn't give her a tumble if she’d finished second—should Miss Scott
1948: Canada::~The Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service plans, as soon as possible, to extend whole blood and plasma free to all patients needing it, in hospitals across . Already, two provinces—British C olumbia and Alberta —provide this lifesaving service. Last year, Alberta and British Columbia distributed 21,044 bottles of whole blood and 2,364 bottles of plasma, resulting in the saving of many lives.
1948: Here’~s a real piece of news for all those interested in Wild life and who feel that we must pitch in and save some of Canada's great nat-I resources before it if too late.
1948: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U.S.
1948: Canada::~citation for outstanding hero? urn and includes, as a tangible expression of appreciation, a Sioo  Savings Bond. Winner# are selected by the Dow Award Committee, a group of editors of leading Canadian newspapers.
1948: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn |	Hairdressing
1948: Canada::~the canvas time after time Will prob-	Farm Is	a government	approved farm. Our	FUMrZb, Lit.	$4	25.	for	Kodaks	$7.95.		Photo
1948: Canada::~However, he cleaned up a tidy fortune and got out when the going was good. Asked what he thought of the coming Louis-Walcott affair, Tunney seemed to think that the champion would flatten Jersey Joe without too much trouble, which seems to be the general opinion of those who should know about such things. Tunney came to  to help the Ontario Society for ( rippled Children in its drive for funds— which is something that deserves the generous support of everybody.
1948: Canada:England:~In the magazines and newspapers one reads of lots of beautiful flowers, shrubs and even vegetables that may not grow well in many parts of  These things were developed for the Southern States or  where the climate is milder or the growing season longer.
1948: can do the same. In poultry raising eucc mesne profit#—and success begins with the right kind of chick»—~chicks bred to produce top quality meat and eggs In highly profitable amount*. Tweddie chicks have those profitmaking qualities bred right Into them. And that's no empty boast. It la s true fact. The fact that ao many of Canada's most aurce ful poultry raisers have been buying Tweddie chicks year after year le proof that scientific breeding make them a good Investment that paye bis dividende. That"e just why any chick» won't do when you can get Tweddl All Indications point to lower feed prices, and A rood demand at profitable price» for all the and poultry meat you can produce. This 1» the year to fill your brooder bouses. Prompt delivery on day old, two and three week old started chicks. Also older pullets S weeks to laying, fiend for IMS catalogue. Tweddie
1948: Canada::~preparation for graduate work leading to service in the field of agriculture. Applicants must be residents of .
1948: Canada::~Applications must be made to the General Secretary of the Agricultural Institute of . Confederation Building. Ottawa, by June 1, forms that are available on request to that office.
1948: Canada::~That is a stock argument of those who do not wish to see  open its doors to wide-scale immigration,
1948: Canada:Canada:~is evident that there exists in many sections of Eastern , particularly Ontario, Quebec and the Maritimes, shortages of seed oats and barley. Generally speaking, it will be necessary to rely on Western  seed to supply these areas.
1948: Canada::~There is enough seed of most of the acceptable varities of oats and barley in Western  to meet the needs of farmers in the East.
1948: Canada::It is not expected that the demand for the chief forage crop seeds used in Eastern —~red clover, alsike, alfalfa and timothy, will exceed the supply in any case. Despite the short crop of double-cut red clover in Eastern Canada in 1947, it is expected that supplies will be sufficient as the relatively high price of this seed is expected to cause a reduced demand, with greater use of alfalfa in those areas suitable for its production. With a record crop of alfalfa seed in Western Canada, this seed
1948: quantities to meet the demand. A NEW CANADIANS —~ Three young cared for by older passengers during by Canada as part reparations and
1948: CANADA::~THE  STARCH COMPANY LIMITED—MONTREAL—TORONTO
1948: Canada::~tour. Not only arc the teen-agers of  proud of her, but the adults serm as justly proud Barbara | looked every inch the Queen as she rode up Bay Street, to Toronto’s City Hall. Nothing was left out of the show. They had Pipe Bands and Mounted Police, speeches, crowds and all the nest that goes with welcoming home a Canadian girl who carried off the skating honours of the world. She could make millions in Hollywood and she wants to “settle down" and be happy .. . oh well, just like a woman.
1948: Canada::~feel 1 should be running away from work that needs to be done...so I have decided to visit  just for the summer holidays and back to my job in September."
1948: Canada::~depending on diploma, etc. Teacher (or Grades 3, 4, 5. Salary $1(200.00 I hear from Canadian farmers having to $1,400.00 depending on diploma, cows for sale. Pure bred preferred, etc. No pensions deductions. Apply | Will be in  in April. Write
1948: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U.S.
1948: Canada::~in aid of the Easter Seal Fund Gardens recently, and is shown congratulating Mr. Earl tnam, (left)^ President of  Health and Accident Assurance Corporation, Waterloo, itario, for his $1000.00 cheque presentation to the fund during the radio show. Honourable Paul Martin, Minister of National Health and Welfare (right) also appeared on the program.
1948: 1—De Laval cream separator, No. 15. 1—Walking plow, Wilkinson No. 7 1—Massey-Harris combination drill In view of the relatively high price 1—Grand Jewel stove, low oven of good quality seed oats and barley 1—~Bed, spring and mattress, of commercial grades, some farmers may be tempted to sow grain of recleaned C.W. grades unwise practice at any time, as the purchaser has no knowledge of the germination, purity or variety of the seed he is buying. It is particularly unwise this year, as harvesting conditions were extremely bad in some areas of western Canada in 1947 and much grain was damaged by weather and frost germination off such grain may be extremely low.
1948: Montreal, May 5—~Reduced rail fares for holiday travel in Canada and to certain border points in the United States, during the Victoria Day week-end were announced today by J. A. Brass, chairman of the Canadian Passenger Association.
1948: Canada:usa:~Every year in  thonds of rest.	fur service for Renfrew district,
1948: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in VS.
1948: CANADA::~CENTRAL  EXHIBITION AUGUST 23 to M
1948: Canada::~In many soils across  it is almost impossible to grow such things as tomatoes, corn, cabbage, cauliflower and tobacco unless wire-worms are first destroyed. And al-yiough benzine hexachloridc was responsible for tainting such crops as turnips and potatoes last season, its use—under proper precautions — for the control of wire-worms, cabbage maggots and other soil-infesting pests cannot be condemned.
1948: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Halrd remains
1948: Canada::~$2.96 in ; $2.50 in U&
1948: England:Canada:~The two women began their acquaintance when both were school girls, on* in  and the other in ; During the first world
1948: —~Knitters will have a heyday at the 1948 CNE. Beginners can learn those early knitting tricks and oldtimers pick up useful new ones. Some of Canada's most experienced knitters will be at the Knitting Bar in Woman's World all hours of the day to teach both fancy and simple stitches. You can learn to do Fair Isle knitting, duplicate stitch embroidery, cross stitch embroidery and colored pattern knitting too! And because it's sometimes hard to follow instructions unless someone shows you how, the demonstrators will !et you take a crack at the new patterns right there on the spot. Lots of beautiful knitted garment- will be on display and in the very patterns being taught. Among them will be a scarf and beret in the new “Dancing Diamonds” pattern, especially designed for the 1948 CNE by Mrs. N. Jarvis Allen, leading Canadian designer.
1948: Canada::~Horn* of 's Largest Inland Pound Net Fisher:
1948: Canada::~And now what are my impressions of  gained in these few days? The countryside is vast but lovely with its woods and maple-lined roads—~and I love the pretty blue chicory. I said I wanted to take a root back to England but was told in no uncertain terms of the nature and character of this lovely flower that I admired so much. Ontario seems a land of queer noises — trains that screech like "All Clear" sirens; the constant ringing of party line telephone bells that nobody seems to answer. The local shops, I thought, were lar£e and well-filled, and the newspapers absolutely enormous. •
1948: such enormous eggs. I can’t quite get used to the idea of there being no twilight. It is light—and then so suddenly it is dark. I love Canadian iarm life*—at least what I have seen of it so far—~soon I shall be an accomplished hen and chicken feeder. Last night I even tried to milk a cow and got at least a tumbler-full of milk, so 1 am looking forward to several weeks happy and useful holiday in Canada."
1948: Dp you know what?—~I have asked Cicely to jot down a few of her impressions of Canada and Cana n living so here they are verba
1948: “~I arrived in Canada by air from England on July 21. The journey look just over twenty fpur hours. Owing to bad weather we had to
1948: Canada::~particular on the steady, substantial flow of bacon that is coming from  and on the achievement which Canadians have made in improving quality. British retailers are handling more Canadian bacon than any other kind and their customers are well satisfied with it.
1948: Canada::~Farmers in Eastern  use two and one-half times its much time the menace is from prolonged nitrogen fertilizer» as they did be-rainfall.	fore the war.	*
1948: If anything can possibly bring home to the people of this continent the full horrors of modern warfare, it is the report on the cost of the Second World War by the Revue Du Droit, of Geneva. According to the estimates of the Swiss journal, human loss was 78,000,000 lives—~ more than six times the population of Canada. Some 32,000,000 men were killed on the battlefields; 16,000,000 men, women and children were murdered in concentration camps and 20,000,000 persons were hilled by air bombings.
1948: Canada::~Men like this, some of 's finest, are in the service of the public—at your service.
1948: Canada:United States:~These are statements which arc just as applicable in  as in the . The job of explaining itself to its workers, and to the general public, is about as vital a job as management faces today. If workers fail to understand the system which produces their pay envelopes, and why it is the most fruitful economic system yet devised in the world, can anybody justly blame some of them if they fall for the false doctrines of crackpot Communists and “fellow-travellers”? And a good portion of the blame can be charged to managements which fail to do an effective and persistent job of explaining what makes the wheels go round. 1
1948: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Lee re “ Hairdressing
1948: Canada::~$1; five-month-old ready to lay. $2.10. Sheet |  6c and 50c pieces. Queen City 8 Poultry Farm». R.R No. 4, AmheretbOTti
1948: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in US.
1948: Canada::~who had given him 627 of their votes on a decisive first ballot that Progressive Conservative triumphs in Ontario could be duplicated  because ft had been “people believe our party stands for t the things best for OUr country.”
1948: "I am no writer and have not the gift of expressing my thoughts and feelings in an attractive way, but I should like, as a visitor, to say, •~Thank you, Canada, very much for a "thoroughly enjoyable holiday/ As I sail comfortably through the air, on my flight back to England, 1 feel I am leaving behind a very warm-hearted, friendly and generous people. Like the vast land they live in, with its huge buildings and rolling landscapes, there is nothing mean or grudging about them and
1948: She s Perfect—~Mrs. Roselle Coe is the third woman in Canada to make a Perfect score of 6000 out of 6000, and win the Dominion marksman's expert shield. The Edmonton matron is out to win the Canadian Open Sporting Rifle Shooting Championship in 1949. Sfie is a typical housewife, making a bull s-eyc out of every domestic chore, including the raising of
1948: CANADA::~fOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Lear»
1948: Now because of certain happenings around Palestine, largely misrepresented by such folks as the Anti-Defamation League, there is already a mighty wave of anti-British feeling in the states—~a wave stronger than most of us here in Canada even surmise. So rather than risk the chance of stirring up further antagonism, Rank and his associates have let all plans for showing “Oliver Twist" over there go by the boards, for the time being at least
1948: Canada::~Men like this, some of 's finest, are in the public's service—at your service.
1948: CANADA::~REO MOTOR COMPANY OF  LTD.
1948: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in US.
1948: CANADA::~SALADA TEA COMPANY OF , LIMITED
1948: Canada::~Men like this, some of 's finest, in the service of the public—-at your service
1948: United States:Canada:~cent statments in the  that  is “flooding” the market there with potatoes which sell below the minimum price which the federal Government maintains.
1948: •~re poisonous and the mixture, in Ottawa, Canada.	1
1948: «~OIN CANADA'S LEADING SCHOOL Greet Opportunity Learn Hairdressing
1948: Canada::~RAISE! HAMSTERS. "Toy Bears". 's newest pet and laboratory animals. Profitable, clean, odorl
1948: CANADA:UNITED STATES:~M MANCHES ACROSS  AND NEWFOWOUNO-OFF1CES IN MEAT BRITAIN AND THE —CORRESPONDENTS THROMHOfT THE WORLD
1948: Canada::~He moved up. He learned a lot about banking, about , about people. He is still climbing, still learning a job which is not mastered in a day
1948: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in US.
1948: Canada::~aunt, Mrs. H. T. Hurdman, of Bry- ar plants established in , the | Mildred Morrison.
1948: CANADA:UNITED STATES:~But has such a belief any basis in fact? If you think it has, then listen to this. MORE THAN THREE TIMES EVERY MIN-V E, DAY AND NIGHT, SOMEONE ON A FARM IN  OR THE  BECOMES AN ACCIDENT. Sounds almost incredible ‘doesn't it? But it’s true, nevertheless. And this tragic toll of injury and death gives farming a higher rate than any other industry.
1948: Canada::Red Dean in —Wearing a diamond-studded gold crucifix given him by Patriarch Alexei of the Russian Orthodox Church, Rev. Hewlett Johnson, the “~Red Dean" of Canterbury, arrived in Toronto recently. He is touring Canada and United States on a speaking tour. Immigration technicalities delayed his arrival.
1948: Canada::~Some have advocated that coalition of rightists into one party and leftists into another would restore the two-party system. These persons fail to sc# that they would be exposing  to the distinct possibility of having a Socialist government. The C.C.F. party or its equivalent would automatically become the official opposition and in due course quite probably the government.
1948: Canada::~Owners of phonographs and record-players will be interested in knowing that the new long-playing records will shortly be available in . In playing-time a single record equals an album of six ordinary records and one disc will play many of the leading symphonies from beginning to end without a break—a real boon to music lovers who dread having to break off one of their favorites at a well-beloved part in order to change or turn over a disc.
1949: Canada::~$2.00 in ; *2.56 in UJS.
1949: Canada::~covering roads and sidewalks with Mrs. Emma Greer is visiting for Mr. Chow was born in Canton, heavy Much. The wise saw the poe- the holidays with friends ip South China, but came to  many sihility of a freeze-up, and shoveled Porcupine, Ont.	years ago. His family live in China
1949: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn
1949: Canada::~John Graves Stmcoe became the first Governor of Upper . The trails he followed
1949: The Canadian Manufacturers’~ Association recently examined the record of profits in Canada and found in the figures published by the Department of National Revenue that 6,278 corporations reported losses in 1945 against 20,951 which made a
1949: As we approach the end of another year and look out over the world and it’~s civil wars, strikes and general uneasiness, we. sincerely must be thankful that we live in such a favoured land as Canada.
1949: Canada::~It is true that the steadily mounting cost of living creates a serious problem for many people, but this is a condition which is not peculiar to  alone.
1949: Canada::~Here, in , freedom has a better chance
1949: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2 JO in US.
1949: Now speed is a great thing in most any sport—but that appears to us, to be carrying the speed mania just a little too far. It is true that Basketball attracts huge crowds—~and that people work themselves into conniption fits, and even fatal heart attacks, while watching it. But as for us. after watching a .few sessions of the pro variety whptb they tried it out in Toronto, so far as basketball is concerned weYe satisfied to wait till we get television in Canada, and take ours at long distance.
1949: CANADA::~JOIN 'S- LEADING SCHOOL ^-est Opportunity Learn Hafrdrsselnt
1949: Canada::~Radio College of . 14
1949: Canada::~Decision of the Privy Council rul ing tiie Saskatchewan Trade Union I Act valid is of immense significance to independent labor and employers. I This is not some local bill designed I to get control of industry in a pro I vines where industry is of relatively minor importance. It is a pattern I to be followed in all  if the CCF ever succeeds in gaining power I of Ottawa.
1949: Canada::~The fact that this bin has been upheld by the Privy Council has nothing whatever to do with the quality of the legislation, of whether it is good or bad. In declaring this bill valid the Privy Council merely rules that it is constitutional, that labor matters of this kind come within the jurisdiction of the province. The blunt truth is that this bill is bad, a direct threat to the independence of labor and management throughout all , says The Finacial Post.
1949: Canada::~Sydney G. Dobson, President, declares private enterprise the very basis oi 's progress and freedom—Right to take risks and reap rewards the major motivating force in country's development—“Socialism and communism are not systems of freedom, but of rationed democracy, in which liberty is doled out like social security benefits.”
1949: Canada::~munist philosophies, and the high Turning to domestic affairs, Mr. the additional needs of old custom-promise of 's future were Dobson noted that while the pres- era.”~ Mr. Muir also noted a further stressed at the Annual Meeting of sure of demand has tended to oush substantial increase in the number the Shareholders of The Royal prices steadily higher, there has of depositing clients and total deBank of Canada. "On the evidence been a levelling off in the rate of [posits of $2,067,488,000, an increase
1949: “~Under this system people .hink significant than how much he can of Canada and Newfoundland, and hard and work hard because there buy, and If he is to buy anything still in operation is that in Havana, are reasonable rewards. The need at all.his employer must be able to Cuba, opened fifty years ago this of incentives is recognized in every 8ta* m. competition with manufac- spring. Apart from those in New-country where men are free t0 hirers in the rest of the world. oundland, we have at present 62
1949: Canada::~over all sections of the economy. son'. , at Wiestern , and future that promises to surpass or They are not systems of freedom, Particularly Alberta, has become even to equal ours.. Whenever we but of rationed detnocracy, in which °,lc ,° th« bn^htesr prospects for forget that fact, some Canadian liberty is doled out like social secur- I ^^supply. It is forecast that voice must speak out, reminding js ity benefits. Incentives arc lost, and hJ . 50 thc 0,1 requirements of our both of the greatness of our resuuc-individual initiative is smothered, prairies will be satisfied out <»~t ces and the responsibility that rests Standards of work and product e- home Production and there may >c upon u to take a mature and an main unimproved because jobs are ? surPljjii available for other mar- ardent view of Canada's capacity assured without regard for effi- kcts	important because for economic development. Then,
1949: Canada:Canada:~ciencv or performance. The ambi- cvcry barrel of oil produced and surely, a breed of courageous, clcar-tion of men declines to doing just as consumed in  conserves from ; sighted and -conscious men mucr as has to be done and no	L°ii n C 1° ar,»°* ^ ni(cd i will arise who will become acutely
1949: “~Our present peak of business creeds based on ease and leisure job must be we dome. That our is being maintained to a large extent may rise a. d flourish for a time, staff, both men and -women arc bv artificial respiration in the form but they always run into difficulty discharging these important duties of credits from Canada and the ' hich can be overcome only by with untiring efficiency and in good United States. To realize our posi- work.”	spirit is properly exemplified in the
1949: Mr. James Muir, Vice-President The Executive are fully aware of and General Manager, reviewed the this—and acknowledge it gratefully, bank’s 1948 Annual Report and “We have reason to be proud of noted that new high water marks in our staff, and on their behalf I can the bank’s progress had been es- tell the shareholders, the public, and tablished during 1948, Assets had our clients that they cm all rely on topped $2.222,000.000, a point never the knowledge that the members of before reached. The bank’s liquid the staff will endeavour to continue assets equalled 74% ^f all liabilities t serve them well—with efficiency to the public. Commercial loans in —~with accuracy -and with friend-Canada had also increased denoting » lines*."
1949: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in VS.
1949: Shortly after the advent of war he enlisted into the ranks of the Royal Canadian Air Force as an AC-2 and within three years was a warrant Officer in charge of administration. He was discharged with this rank July 31st, 1946, after serving over six years. During his R.C.A.F, career Mr. Rogers edited the Air Force magazine, “~Contact", published at R.C.A.F. Station, Trenton, Ontario. His service took him to all parts of Canada from Prince Edward Island to the Northwest and British Columbia and he has therefore obtained a wide knowledge of general conditions throughout the country.
1949: Agreeing To Settle A Much Disputed Question—~A historic document (or the fishing industry is the agreement these men are examining. It is signed by Canada, the United States and eight other maritime nations. Its purpose is to establish an international advisory and informa* lion commission on the Northwest Atlantic fishing grounds. Left to right—~A. T. A. Dobson, United Kingdom : B Dinesen, Denmark; Stewart Bates, Canada ; Klaus Sunnanaa, Norway;
1949: SALESMEN to handle the New Lightning Adding Machine for only 111 96. A dealt mod* portable, precision built, fully guaranteed, every Inch a business machine Easy to ©per»~> to sell: big commUalons. Write today Lightning Distributors of Canada, 141 Montreal Road. Ottawa. Ont.
1949: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Hairdressing
1949: Canada:United States:~Travelling by train, bus, plane, boat and car, sportsmen and lovers of the out-of-doors from all parts of , the  and even Great Britain, will invade Toronto on March 18 for the second annual Canadian National Sportsmen's Show which will be held in the Coliseum from March 18 to 26. Indications are that it will be the finest springtime exhibition on this conta-
1949: Canada::~Among tlit many highlights will be 's largest boat and marine show, sports demonstrations, a fash-revue, Indian and Eskimo villages, a sportsman's international
1949: Canada:United States:~season hatcheries in  and the  will throw away something like FIVE BILLION hatching eggs—which is a whole lot of 'hen fruit’ and no fooling. Those eggs will either be infertile, or won’t hatch, even though fertile.
1949: Canada::~Throughout , the Red Cross operates 75 Outpost Hospitals and 2 Crippled^
1949: Canada::~$2.0* in ; $2.50 in US.
1949: Canada::~It is a waste of money, time and effort in trying to grow flowers and shrubs only suitable for the Southern States or the warmer parts of Europe, in most parts of  Our climate, soil and other conditions are not suitable guard against discouragement one is advised to stick to those flowers, shrubs and vegetables that are specially recommended for Canadian conditions. These arc the varieties and types listed in an Canadian seed catalogues. These have all been tested under Canadian conditions and recommended by Canadian authoritise
1949: Canada::~the mighty I rater and other mountain rivers of 's Pacific Coast.
1949: U% Seagram’~s sells Canada first
1949: Canada::~is an adaptation of one of a series of advertisements designed by The House of Seagram to promote the prestige of  and help sell Canadian products to the markets of the world.
1949: Canada::~The advertisements are in keeping with the belief of The House of Seagram that the future of each business enterprise in  is inextricably bound up in the future
1949: Canada::~of  itself; and that it is in the interest of every Canadian manufacturer to help the sale of all Canadian products in foreign markets.
1949: England:Canada:~IVrsonally, I see nothing against margarine as a food. When I was in  during World War i, we used it all the time. Since margarine went on sale in  we have tried it in the house—just to see what all the fuss was about We don't find it objectionable, but we do find it very tasteless. Margarine toast is a far cry from buttered toast. Rut for those who want it—well, let them have it. When there is a noticeab# downward trend in the cost of living there will not be the same demand for a butter substitute.
1949: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U S.
1949: Canada::~beu s Hay Curling Uub. President jay anc| 0f the pleasure felt at their  Air Lines. Mrs. Smyth is The Clarendon Township Council
1949: CANADA::~VMTED CHURCH OF  ^ Shawville United:	Rev. A. F. $
1949: Canada::~retuma for every dollar you Invest In 's ,	--	—
1949: CANADA::~dOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL
1949: Canada::~What Goes On In  During May
1949: Canada::~A number of Important exhibitions, celebrations ?entions are scheduled throughout  during the month of May, according to a survey released here by A. A. Gardiner, general passenger traffic manager, Canadian National Rail
1949: Canada::~Mr. Tim Armstrong, weather per- jin all parts of  and the United milting
1949: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2 JO in US.
1949: CANADA::~IOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL <3r#al Opportunity Lear»
1949: Canada::~2.	A Form H permit, obtainable at any bank, is required to take out of  amounts exceeding $10 U S. or $25 U S. and Canadian funds.
1949: CANADA::~TO ADDRESSES IN  $2.0# Per Annum
1949: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in US.
1949: CANADA::~IOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Lears
1949: Canada:Canada:~This, in a sense, is bad news for Canada, which shipped 10 million , bushels of wheat, to India in the I peat 12 months. Nor ia 's export outlook brightened by the new Indian program of locomotive manufacture. India has been importing railway stock from  and other countries in the past, but hopes to be making her own within a year and a half.
1949: Canada::~Chalkboards of tempered glass are now being produced in . Surface is said to be practically indestructible, does not become shiny and slick with use. Claimed easy on eyes, eliminating blackboard glare customary with old school blackboard. Glass chalkboards come in eye-rest green color, up to 48 in. by 90 in.; have few joints and are easily cleaned.
1949: Canada::~SAFETY FABRIC Safety reflective material is mow being applied to outer and sports wear made in . A» » me on clothes it is said to make th« wearer visible in blackouts, sue he as darkened highways, when struck by lights from cars or other sources Bonded permanently to a fabric backing, it is made from millions of tiny glass spheres. Struck by light, each microsphere, acting as a tiny lens, concentrates light inte a single intensified beam whid travels back to the light source, is a clear glareless light, maker states Available in many colors, it ia said to look, act and feel like cloth and can be handled for application in same manner as other fabrics. Can be dry cleaned or washed and is long-wearing, it is claimed.
1949: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2JS ia U3.
1949: Apple recipes are always welcome to most cooks, and especially so when that most all-round useful of all fruits — and I’ll stick by that statement in spite of all contrary opinions —~ seems to be in fairly plentiful supply in many parts of Canada. And although you’ll see the word “breakfast” in the title, you by no means have to serve this at the first meal of the day. It's grand most any time, especially as a dessert, wth cream, either plain #r whipped.
1949: Canada::~Made In  for the pant I» yeare. Res-ularly priced at Sill SO now for only SIS SO
1949: CANADA::~JOIN  F LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Leant Halrdreealne
1949: Canada::~Eoch year, , one of the world’s greatest granaries, ships abroad millions of bushels of wheat and other life-sustaining
1949: Canada::~grains. The peoples of many lands depend on 's rich harvest for their daily bread.
1949: Whu Seagram’~s sells Canada first
1949: Canada::~advertisement ia an adaptation of of a eerie* created by The House of Seagram to tel] the peoples of other lands about  *nd her various products. For the past two years this campaign has been appearing in newspaper* and magazines printed in many languages and circulated through-	,
1949: and include»~ a $100 Canada Sewing»
1949: Canada::~$ZM in ; *3 5# to 1%S A
1949: Canada::~SEASON TICKETS are on sale for the 25 home games scheduled in the Eastern  Senior Hockey League at the Lions Auditorium, Renfrew, until Saturday, November 5, from 9 a m. to 9 p. m. Phone 207
1949: Canada::~Bill Cowley, former Boston Bruin NHL star, coach of Renfrew Lions Senior hockey team promises a strong entry in the Eastern  Senior Hockey League.
1949: Complete winterizing service means more than just anti-freeze—~more than just a change of oil. Ford of Canada Dealers from coast to coast offer complete 5-WAY WINTERIZING SERVICE that will give you trouble-free driving for the winter months ahead. Your Ford of Canada Dealer is ready to completely winterize your car now. His expert servicemen—factory-approved equipment, factory-approved methods and genuine parts provide a complete 5-Way Winterizing Service for safe, dependable, trouble-free winter motoring.
1949: New spark plugs save you money on every mile of winter driving—~add new "pep " and smoothness i<> performance. Your Ford of Canada Dealer has the correct
1949: Canada::~Ion costs some motorist ten to bund- In most counties and municipal- , _ reds of dolars for repairs. In a law- it les across  there is a man | fmm suit now pending the plaintiffs charge doing one of the most important jobs
1949: Canada::~*2 0* In ; *2.50 In L'.S.A
1949: Hie very title of the faim forum itom four Forums discussion ‘ Are we good farmers?”~ listeners across Canada.
1949: Canada::~Inert ment was closed by singing O'.
1949: Canada::~*  Savings Bonds-fhey're a sura thing !
1949: Canada::~is not only 's problem-organ- one connection they would not wel-
1949: Canada::~for Canadians if hard times come to  it is
1949: Canada::~Its alI in  Savions Bonds, dear/
1949: Canada::~has been no serious increase in unemployment in , according to the Bank of Montreal’s monthly busi-ess Review, issued today. The review also points out that the “remarkable stability’’~ of Canadian prices m Canada and in the United States during the preceding two years and
1949: I “On the other hand,” the B of M continues, “~the aggregate value of retail sales in Canada to latest report in September has been at a level 7.1 per cent above a year earlier, an increase sufficiently in excess of the advance in average retail prices to imply some enlargement, possibly between one and two per cent, in the movement of goods into the hands of Canadian consumers.”
1949: Here's the answer—~Interest on $1,000 in the bank at lJ/2% for a year is $15.00. Interest on $1,000 invested in Canada Savings Bonds at 2?4% for a year is $27.50 or $12.50 more.
1949: Canada::~A  Savings Bond
1949: Canada::~is the only investment with the "money-back at any time guarantee" of the Government of .
1949: U)hu Seoyram’~s sells Canada first
1949: Canada::~an adaptation of one of a series of advertisements designed by The House of Seagram to promote the prestige of  and help sell Canadian products to the markets of the world.
1949: Canada::~The advertisements are in keep- li-gPWl ing with the belief of The House of Seagram that the future of each f business enterprise in  is inextricably bound up in the future	ilÇHI
1949: Canada::~of  itself; and that it is in the Interest of every Canadian manufacturer to help the sale of all Canadian products in foreign markets.
1949: born of the deposits of our customers —~ are helping Canadians in every walk of life to make a better future for themselves and for Canada.
1949: Canada::~CASH: The Bof M has castT in its vaults and money on deposit with the Bank of  amounting to
1949: CANADA::~Hera,Mama,these  SAVINGS BONDS^
1949: Canada::~The Ford Custom Deluxe sedan the 1950 models being publicly she wn drive, which is optional, and oO other (upper photo) and the Moherch across  commencing this Sat- new functional and style features, Sport sedan (lower) are typical of j urelay, December 3. Automatic over- are incorporated in the Ford line.
1949: Healthy Kids”~ for Ontario and Canada.
1949: Canada::~DISTILLERS () Limited
1949: Canada::~Calvert, Secretory of State to King James I, and head of the famous Calvert family, founded one of 's first colonies In Newfoundland In 1622. Calvert and his descendants fostered the principles of religious tolerance and democratic freedom and thus helped sow the fertile seed of democracy in the New World.
1949: Canada::~Based on the number of non-ague ultural wage and salary woi kers in , the time lost in Oc amounted to .09 percent of the estimated working time, as a npared with .08 per cent in Septeml' ?r, 1949;
1950: Canada::~$2.00 in ; %IM In VAA.
1950: Canada::~changes will be made during its twelve-month must continue in  because of our great natural wealth. That it will not be of the high order which was prevelant during the
1950: Canada::~We do not think that 1950 will see the start of the nex war which is apparently eagerly awaited in certain circles. Nor do we think that within the next six months a a depression comparable to that from which  suffered before will be our lot.
1950: United States:Canada:~The tidal-wave increase in cigarette smoking in a single generation, stands as one of the most remarkable mass changes of human habit in all history, declares Roger William Riis in The Reader's Digest for January. Last year, 400 billion cigarettes were consumed in the  and 15 billion in . About 800,000
1950: The Clarendon Women’s Institute will meet a he home of Mrs Seialey Howard on Wednesday afternoon, Roll Call—~Outstanding events in the history of Canada daring 1MB. Pro-
1950: Canada::~$2.00 in ;
1950: Canada::~Born in Dundas Dundee, Scotland he cam > to  in 1912, and wh n Mias Eliiza Hepburn came out three year* later, they
1950: Canada::~Programme material find the | QUAKER insistance of a professional sec-r tary may be obtained through he provincial Girls^Work Biard The National C. G. I T. Committee of the Canadian Council f churches reports that there an. approximat ly 30.000 young girls throughout  who are seeking to live up to the C. G. I. T.
1950: Canada::~Figures showed the claim fre-12 in every 100 cars ar.nually. quency across  For Ontario the percentage Its 11.2 but for Quebec 23.1.
1950: wherein Mr Varan of rev a’~id the insidious farce of Communism in America and Canada, a report has been circulated that this nun was arrested by the police near Toronto jallE'J on a charge of fa se pretences, and finally deponed to tii 2 U. S.
1950: *y ulated the Directors ani memb-1 Alex Horner, well known loc-ers for the excellent fair for 1949 al breeder of Chinchillas won and referred to the advantage of further •~renown last week when Cass B Fair for increased re- he captured a. number of awards cejpts for the code y although i at the. Eastern Ontario ranch of r ports of these were delayed, the National Chinchilla Breed-He also explained the chance of of Canada ghow in Ottawa on the number of Dutch Immigrants February 3rd. coming to Canada for farm pur- Mr Homer, showed: a number purposes and some agriculture up °f young animals including the lifts. He was hopefull of some 1 Reserve Champion Male of the f Special Doing’s at our 1930 Fall , Show, two Reserve Champions in Promotion of social and ecoa-jr^- one of these would be a (their respective classes, ¦¦¦ ontic programs which work for ' ‘he benefit of club members fcere the objectives adopted at :he annual meeting held at Bris-
1950: Canada::~$2.00 in ; $2.50 in U. S. A.
1950: Canada::~include their provision of blood banks for any necessary blood transfusions in hospitals and homes. A number of mobile units are carrying on the work of gathering blood in all parts of  Help for children that are under, nourished !s also provided by furnishing to schools and homes cod
1950: Canada::~Somewhere in  . someone in distress, perhaps
1950: Canada:Canada:~to English speaking . Himself a child of that province, he loved Us aoil end Us people with an abiding affection No Canadian better understood its history and place within Con federation. Few Cana-lien* of his day strove as conscientiously and consistently to strengthen the ties between French and English .
1950: Canada::~NEVER BEFORE hove the men and women of  given such outspoken and overwhelming preference to any motor car in any price field I
1950: Canada::~Come in and examine the frond-leading Chevrolets for 1950. See for yourself why it's 's Best Seller —~ Canada's Best Buy I
1950: Canada::~I believe sincerely that this is the spirit guiding our relations with the public today. Without such a spirit, the Bank could not maintain or justify its place in the economy of this country, nor would we be able to give our best to  in the years of great promise which lie ahead.
1950: Canada::~-   __________________I,	,, f	42.00 in ; $Z50 1B U. S A
1950: Canada::~World Hockey Trophy for  *
1950: England:Canada:~The 100th anniversary of the formation of the Diocese of Montreal of the Church of  in  will be featured at
1950: Canada::~A record number of new homes were built in  in 1949 to
1950: ¦~j Crowsnest Lumber Co., at Ward-Hi ncr, B C, and later moved to ys) Claresholm to become manager yB| of the Western Canada Lumber ; Èffif Co. In 1912 he moved to Lethal bridge when the head office ’was H transferred there
1950: Here is the answer to restoring new engine** power, performance and economy to your truck—~economically ! When your Ford-Monarch l)t lier or Mercury Idncoln-Meteor Dealer installs this Genuine Ford Rebuilt Cylinder Assembly you have the equivalent of a brmnd-neu engine the cost is lower. Also this Factory- Rebuilt unit is GUARANTEED by Ford of Canada 1
1950: Canada::~retired from this profession, and to  in 1905 and sett led at Starks Corners, five miles from here.
1950: Canada::~improvement was ed by Better Business hich c ; n i most of of  an 1 the United Sta. s. The Pontiac Rural Telephone Co Most reliable firms are members was ^ld in the Secretary’s Office of the Bureau, and subscribe o the principles of honesty and in- i tegrity in business dealings, Tl
1950: Canada::~The Avro Jetliner, Canadian-built let airliner, attracts a crowd at New York's International Airport after completing a 365-mile flight from Toronto, , In one hour recently. The 60pa*enger 11
1950: Canada::~ni the group in ri! parts of ,
1950: Canada::~Arrears 0f current Tax Arrears of former years Interest on arrears Held for Taxes, land sales, 1950 Dominion of  Bonds,
1950: Canada::~Ready.to make theatre history In  is FR1DOLIN. brilliant French Canadian playright and actor, who has translated his play H-COQ (Li'l Rooster) in English. He is seen here in the title role rehearsing with Muriel Guilbault who handles the female lead.
1950: Canada::~He worked hard. All the time he was learning about banking, shout , too, in various branches, different areas to know people—their hopes, fears, problems —the importance of the human factor.
1950: In 19113 the Methodise congre, gat »~n unanimously entered the I Un ted church of Canada; and at the a me tine wrr - joined by a number of Presbyterian families i m -king a congregation that to: râ'MSKtt "£;=£ 5=5
1950: Canada::~come an inporta nt indu.-'-t-ly in . It is the con
1950: Canada:CANADA:~The Government of  By: BANK OF , Fiscal Agent. J
1950: Canada::~Any branch of any chartered bank anywhere in  will donations^ to the above Disaster Fund
1950: Canada::~The Central  Exhibition Associatio
1950: Canada:United States:~in Its stock room In England* Buyer Ross, from , Inspects one of the plates. With him (further from camera) is Sales Director Milne. Big buyers of English china aro the  and Gao*
1950: Canada::~greater concern to them than these losses, however, was the disappearance of an out.'i* of First Communion clothing for their children: Yvette, 5; Denise/4; Marcel, 3, and Rita, who is a year old. They have found temporary shelter in Portage la Prairie.* Families like the Perrons can be helped through contributions to the Manitoba Flood Relief Fund,_\\ mnipeg.j All banks in  will accent donations/^
1950: “I went out fishing this morning! hoping toeasc'up'on my pockctbook, but I didn’t have any luck," Phil Roberge, 743 Walker Street, Winnipeg, told the photographer who took this picture. Shown here with his wife and family in their crowded temporary home, a cottage at Winnipeg Beach, Phil Roberge is typical of hundreds of Winnipeg flood victims who need financial assistance when they return to what is left of their homes.*' The children arc Pat, 3; Philippa, 15; Melisse, 8; Eleanor, 5, and Max 13.»~Their rehabilitation is being made possible by the Manitoba Flood Relief Fund. % Contribution majMx-. mailed directly to the Fund in iWinninee or naid into anv bank in Canada •—
1950: Canada::~Twenty seven girls including Mary Dee Girroir. the leader (middle) make up the Armdale Chorus, which broadcasts a fifteen minute program on the CBC Tran*  network every
1950: Canada::~This will make a complete Troop..	Mr. and Mrs. J J. Sly and Mr.	+	*	*	firtends in .	Government by Raymond John-	next Sunday, and there	will be
1950: 'But that’~s all past and dont with,	|%st year by Crothers of Toronto,	the history of the game in Canada.	shows in the Coliseum Theatre,
1950: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADIN'! SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Hairdressing
1950: CANADA::~OTTAWA  Telephone 2-2240
1950: Canada::~mkfc sure that  if well defended against
1950: France:: has ’em, too—~Just as in Canada, the war scare and the fear of accompanying shortages brings the hoarders out from under the rocks in France, too. Here, as part of a national campaign to combat such foolish practices; a Paris agency dis; * a sign, telling itfc customers, "We have oil, sugar, coffee and soap. Do not stock up. It is in your internet i hank you
1950: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Lean Hairdressing
1950: Canada::~R. A. Emerson, who has been appointed assistant chief engineer of the Canadian Pacific Railway. Mr. Emerson is a third generation C. P. R. employee, hie father, mother and grandfather all having served the company in Western .
1950: Canada::~Scandinavia farmers have the comfort of life that we have in  except a motor car, Mr.
1950: usa:Canada:~Mr. Sregg reported that the Department of Labour and the National Employment Service, in co-operation with the woods operators, were now carrying out an extensive recruiting campaign for woods labour from one end of the country to the other. In addition to thonds of workers which would be turned up for woods workers in all regions through the general campaign, a 0f , the greatest demand special movement of workers at September 28 was in Ontario, particularly in the Head of the Lakes area and in Quebec.
1950: Canada::~Jobs in the woods are now available for large numbers 'of woodworkers in most parts of , Hon. Milton F. Gregg, Minister of Labour, stated this week.
1950: Canada::~The demand for woodworkers across  now exceeds the
1950: CANADA:CANADA:~BUILT IN  PROVED IN  FOR CANADIANS
1950: CANADA::~OTTAWA,  Telephone 2-2240
1950: wc might remark, in passing, that sport of lacrosse. Football and before either we or it went into hockey arc undoubtedly much a decline—you pays your money rougher games. Even a soccer re and takes^your choice!—we got feree—~ in Canada or South America more real thrills out of lacrosse that is to say—is in much greater than from any other sports we ever danger of permanent injury * than
1950: Canada::~In all likelihood, the newspaper you read is printed on Canadian newsprint; jor  produces 4 times as much newsprint
1950: Why Seagram’~s sells Canada first
1950: Canada::~is is an adaptation of one of a series of advertisements designed by The House of Seagram to promote the prestige of  and help sell Canadian products to the markets of the world.
1950: Canada::~in the future of  itself; and that it is in the interest of every Canadian manufacturer to help the sale of all Canadian products in foreign markets.
1950: Canada::~MLr. Wm. Burton, of G.E. Wbin-man's, received a letter from his brother, who is serving with the Second Contingent in Sou rica. The writer says he expects to leave there for  about Christmas.
1950: CANADA::~53 Queen Street OTTAWA.  Telephone 2-2240
1950: Canada::~SELBY DISTRIBUTORS LIMITED Distributors for  "CORN KINO" Products SKI BY. ONTARIO
1950: Canada::~From the blending of the cultural heritages brought from these many lands,  derives much of her strength and vitality.
1950: usa:Canada:~The tragic history of Poland, once the largest and most powerful state in Europe, has resulted in the migration of tens of thonds of Poles to , seeking freedom and security.
1950: Canada:Canada:~of music, have produced such famous musicians as Chopin and Paderewski. Their engineering skill was personified in Casimir Stanislaus Gzowski, whd engineered the original International Bridge at Niagara. In addition they have given  some of her best lawyers, doctors, farmers and teachers, contributing much to ’s progress.
1950: Canada::~DISTILLERS () Limited
1950: Canada::~Calvert, head of the famous Calvert family, founded 's first colony at Newfoundland in 1622. Calvert's ideals of democracy, ideals which perpetuated by his descendants, helped set the pattern for the freedom we now enjoy.
1950: the birth of Christ. Historians n°~lnt bo(Ues afflloled with pain, early days and the 300 or more and researchers have found many p" used it as food. Among the million pounds now produced references to butter in records or- enrly' high people, butter was . very year In Canada. Their pill, iglnating earlier than 2000 B. C. me,ted and ,tor< d and used to en- lully crude methods of produc-These have been traced to the rlch oth,‘r food» prepared for tlon are supplanted now by early Indiana of Asia, the He- lmP°rtant feasts. These people re- streamlined sanitary methods, brews, Greeks, Arabs, Egyptians,	H as * rich delicacy. Today, In the making of this
1950: À~ FHOR WhINKbin Tour hand. Make big money selling Canada g highest
1950: Canada::~tA'Ccn the bushes with leaves. The I ._____________________________
1950: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL
1951: Canada::~A three-year progressive pro- the program asks for active participation by every member of the Boy Scouts Association in , from the youngest Wolf Cub up. Plan Achievement requires every Cub Pack, Scout Troop and Rover Crew to set targets of accomplishment for themselves.
1951: Canada::~Dodds, of Montreal, Deputy Chief Scout for .
1951: Canada::~Bryson Lodge Hotel Bryson 10.00  Packers, Ltd..
1951: Corresponde nee received : Christinas Greetings from Mrs. Hill is Graham and the Conseil Supé~rieur de la Co-operation, Mr. Breen Melvin, Research Secretary. Co-op. Union of Canada, congratulating the Directors on the success achieved by the Association during the past two years, from C A. Douglas. Asst. Director of the Extensions, Dept. Agriculture and M a r k e t i n g, Truro, N. S. requesting copies of Pontiac’s Co-operative Medical Services By-laws and so on, for study through their country and district associations.
1951: CANADA::~OTTAWA,  Telephone 2-2240
1951: ruary 7 in Benjamin Britten's "Albert Herring”~, ip be beard on the Trans-Canada network. She began her professional singing at fifteen and won several awards and scholarships before going to continue her studies In New York, where she has been making concert, radio and television appearances for the Iasi
1951: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Hairdressing
1951: Canada::~ELLIOTT ANGORAS () Winona. Ontario
1951: Canada::~Shaw ville; Wilmer Graham, of	cream shippers were being offer-	 Department	of AgriculM ary land, and Lenms Lean of	ed	^ to $300 for grade cows, ac-	Cure's	Experimental	Fox Ranch
1951: Canada::~There was some discussion on	by the  Department
1951: Canada::~Cool, wet weather in the fall of 1950 undoubtedly reduced egg laying over much of the area where adult grasshoppers were abundant last summer, and officials in tift  Department of Agriculture’s Division of Entomology in the Prairie Provinces report that the area of infestation is about ore-half of that of
1951: Canada::~Financed by American capital and with a membership of 395 local farmers, a large co-operative pig htotchery is being organized at Dawson Creek, Alberta, it is reported by the  Department of Agriculture's Marketing Serivce at Winnipeg.
1951: Canada::~and about 20 hours ground school, jng were read and adopted on for Reserve Pilots. The program motion of Wilson and Davies, will be carried out at Civilian Flying Clubs across  and in the event of an emergency (war) arising these pilots will form the nucleus of instructors.
1951: Canada::~in 	with the	R C A.F	and	financial	report—Carried.	secretaries The^ secretary was !some substantial pickup in chick	Experimental	Station	indicates
1951: P*r cent '«'"«~er than any previ- vey to be taken later In the year, ously recorded in Canada. For
1951: Canada::~The Ninth Decennial Census of  will be taken on June
1951: CANADA::~53 Queen Street ^ OTTAWA,  Telephone 2-2246
1951: Canada:United States:~continent and Scandinavia, 250,- , 100,000 cases, the West 000 caces, the  and Indies and Brazil, 30,000
1951: And you’ll enjoy all Chevrolet’s many advantages at extremely low cost through every month and mile of ownership. Come in today —~ see and drive A Canada*s largest and finest low-price car ... 3=^ and you'll understand why more people buy ^
1951: CANADA:usa:~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Leans Halrdreesltie Pleasant dignified profession good wages Thonds of successful Marvel graduates America's Greatest System Illustrated Catalogue Free Write or Call
1951: EMPLOYMENT —~ Canada. Fnlt**d States, Alaska and foreign opportunities. How, when, where to apply. Send $1.00 for latest employment report Hating firms hiring,
1951: Canada::~that. The increasing popularity e<| jn 0ur community, is general all across . In with the above startling facts Ontario nearly half the house-	facing us we feel that the X-ray
1951: Canada::~Venezuela will accept the export inspection certificate issued by the Fruit and Vegetable Div-! ision of Marketing Service, De! partment of Agriculture, for im-I ports of fresh fruits and vegetables from . This export inspection certificate must be visaed by a Venezuelan Con-
1951: CANADA::~OTTAWA.  Telephone 2-2240
1951: Canada::~Mr. Morris expects stiff competition across  for the three places allotted on the team. He estimates there are some 28. 500 recreational shooters in the
1951: Canada::~Government Annuities are backed by the Resources of .
1951: Canada::~Fresh cherries from  have been exempted from Netherlands sanitary certificate requirements, and special certificates indicating the origin and composition of butter and margarine no longer require consular legalization. On the other hand, meat products and fats im-
1951: Canada::~The services given to scouting I  exported 17,197 head I If
1951: or List it was announced that ferred during the year, accord- f' Captain Winslow has been hng t0 tbe annuai report of the 18$ The answer is for everybody, you and your family, me and mine, awarded the Medal of Honor. Holstein-Friesian Asnriatinn r>r ¦~/ and the family next door to have a chest X-ray now while we feel, Another district scout, John Canada	‘	”V
1951: Canada::~plunged into the Ottawa river at of Performance standards estab-Bryson last fall and for his help- lished by the Government of fulness to police and divers in , was approved at the an-the work following the accident. nual meeting. It was provided The scouts will receive their that a bull would not be eligible
1951: Canada::~the first two games Shawville for help from the people of Many Happy Returns ...	I lost to the Cornwall Falcons by  to carry on its work.
1951: Canada::~Lorraine Garrison and Miss Ann : .	Miss Campbell was a nurse at
1951: yet it hardlx created a r«pplc. G »~	in Canada for years—probably born	,	included	in	the	have!	xvardro >v,
1951: get the mater garment of our chr winch lack* the • prmcinle upo i Ii future prosperity is hated lefinitrlv i*sr'f the principle j which guided the early pioneers ¦~ when they eame to establish new homes in Canada. But it still exists / among «nine of the newcomer* to Æ
1951: CANADA::~JUIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learo Hairdressing
1951: Canada::~DO you collect stamps? Send for selection on approval;  or other countries; Prices low. Elkins. St. James, Niagara Falls, Ontario.
1951: Canada::~Province of Quebec, will apply to the Parliament of , at the present, next or following session thereof for a Bill of Divorce from her husband, THOMAS DAVID HERBERT SMITH, on Monday April 9 Driver, formerly a Farmer, of at the home of Mrs
1951: AVIS est donne par les présentes que DAME GENEVIEVE FLORA AGATHA BROWN, Inspectrice, de la Cite de Montreal, i dit District, dans la Province de Quebec, s’~addressera au Parle-Farm house, two miles from ment du Canada, a sa prochaine Shawville. Apply Edmund Hod- session, ou a la suivante, afin
1951: CANADA::~OTTAWA,  Telephone 2-2240
1951: Canada::~In 1949. 's sugar industry paid out $8,842,783 in salaries and wages and $90,172,181 for materials used. Gross value of production was $116.767.430. says Dominion Bureau I of Statistics.
1951: Canada::~family was on its way , daily and weekly sympathised with The Journal when tt and two members of it's staff were fined as result of a story about a murder trial.. The Journal's recent example of reporting makes us wonder if maybe the trial judge wasn't right when be hit The Journal where it hurts moat—in the pocket book.
1951: United States:Canada:~Get Many Inquiries In addition, the McConnells receive hundreds of weekly inquiries by letter and telephone from the ,  and Mexico.
1951: A nice heart-warming little incident came my way yesterday. At a small bus terminal I was buying an evening paper. There was another woman there chattering away cx-Ntiflf said, citedly in broken English and pointing to some little magazines on the paper rack. Thinking she could not make herself understood l offered to help. "No. no, it evs not that," she answered, "the English I understand—~ 1 am four years in Canada. It is the books—~the price they do not know From Holland, you understand—in the Dutch.
1951: CANADA::~WESCO WATERPAINTS () LIMITED
1951: CANADA::~JOIN 'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity Learn Hairdreeatng
1951: Canada::~ANY sise H or 8 exposure rolls or any 10 prints finished on Deluxe Velox glossy paper 10c.  Photo. P.O, Box I, Sherbrooke, Quebec.
1951: Canada::~He was born near Shaw ville, in North Clarendon, the son of James and Eliza Hamilton, who both predeceased him some years ago. The late Mr. Hamilton came to Western  and settled on a homestead in 1909 in the McCord Sa sit. district afterwards acquiring many more quarter sections in his holdings an<* farmed extensively and successfully until poor health caused him to relinquish farming a few years ago in favor of his son, Ross, who now resides on and
1951: Canada::~The Dairy Farmers of , faced with rising*costs like everyone else, are pleased to draw attention to the fact that Dairy Products in the same index stood at 200.1 while other foods in the index were 247.5.
1951: CANADA::~OTTAWA,  Telephone 2-2240
1951: Canada::~daughter of Mrs. S. Kennedy, and has attended the United M> and Mrs. A. Dale, of Ot- \ Church of  Dominion
1951: Canada::~Cellulose sponge mop with semiautomatic, sell-wringing action which can also he used a$ a liquid wax spreader is now being manufactured in  Special wiing-nct'on allows housewife to tlior. uglily clean the mop without wetting hands or bending over pail.
1951: Canada:France:~Out of these clays, ami you may mark our words, the fair city of Toronto is going to secede from  and leave the rest of the Dominion Hat on its s. And if you imagine we arc going far, far Out on the limb in making in making such a dismal prediction, do not forget that back in the early days of Henry Ford we exclusively forecast that these new-fangled automobiles were only a passing fad.
1951: ANY size < or I exposure roll»~ or any 10 print* finished on Deluxe Velox glossy paper 30c. Canada Photo, PO. Box 3, Sherbrooke. Quebec.
1951: CANADA::~WESCO WATERPAINTS () LIMITED
1951: Canada:Canada:~During March, the Ottawa Rotary Club issued an invitation to every Rotary Club in  to send a high school boy or girl to be their guest for four days in Ottawa, during which time the Ottawa Rotary Club would take care of their board and lodging and at the same time give these boys an insight into the manner in which the government of  is carried on. A complete program was prepared entitled “An Adventure in Citizenship’.
1951: Canada::~There were about 60 girls and 75 boys present from all. over , every Province being represented except Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland. They were given good accommodation and meals at the best hotels, and kept supplied with adequate transportation from their arrival until their depart-
1951: CANADA::~OTTAWA, 	]
1951: CANADA::~THE CENTRAL  EXHIBITION
1951: ‘~When 430.000 dairy farmers must supply dairy foods for more Mian 14 million people, as is the case in Canada today, the preservation and expansion of the iailying industry becomes a mat- j Board of Directors was held May
1951: Canada::~ter of the utmost importance to | 31. in J. M. Argue s Office. Pres-Canadians," says Gilbert McMil-an, President of the Dairy Farmers of .
1951: Canada::~stablished in Sherbrooke, Que-in 18** uiete ..as bet n a steady an 1 growing use of the skill inherited from the British and French a nee a ors of the op-atives f this indust-y. Today th**re a e 44 mills producing cotton textiles in  and pro
1951: Canada::~Growth of the cotton spinning and weaving industry in  has been a natural, sound, economic development. This country being situated relatively close to the cotton growing areas of the U S.—much closer in fact than
1951: Canada::~Last year, more than $300. Bond , renewalf 000 was set-aside by dairy far mers across  eral satisfaction with the first
1951: Canada:Korea:~Relatives or friends of local boys who have left to join 's n Brigade are asked to supply The Equity with their address so that we may send him a complimentary paper each week, thus keeping him well abreast of local happenings even though he may be miles away.
1951: Community news and the sight of familiar names are a really worthwhile message from home to those who are away—~so if you know of anyone serving in Canada's Special forces
1951: Canada::~When  first saw the light of day as a nation back in 1867. it's probable that the first thing the Fathers of Confederation did—after passing out the cigars—was to speculate, in the fashion of all fathers, on what sort of adult their cnild would grow up to be.
1951: Canada::~In any case. 's manufacturing industries have been steadily expanding
1951: Canada:Korea:~Relatives or friends of local boys who have left to join 's n Brigade are asked to supply
1951: Canada:France:~ing. parades, firecrackers and speeches dancing, it will be much like Dominion Day in , or Bastille Day in , with the addition of a great deal of yodelling, alphorn blowing and flag swinging.
1951: Canada::~in  lying behind our slipping standards of living that cannot be cured with a sip of some patent medicine or another, called price control or any other kind of control. Today we are dangerously like puppets, dangling from invisible strings that reach the sources of supply that cannot control. We have paid for
1951: Canada::~Provincial English Branch of the Canadian Association of Consumers recently heard President Mrs. H. E. Vautelet, C.B.E. sound a grave warning to the women of . In her address, Mrs. Vautelet pointed out that “today there is far more the matter
1951: CANADA::~OTTAWA,  Telephone 2-2240
1951: Canada::~Central  Exhibition Association
1951: Canada::~who has tke Doukhobors all over .
1951: Canada::~?Gilbert Jackson and Associate recently pointed out that the total corporate dividends received in  has fallen, between 1939 and 1949. from 3% of the money income of Canadians to 2%. . .in the U S from 5..2% to 3.8%.
1951: Canada::~I now the capital of 's new j mineral empire. By the time the railroad gets there in 1954 it v. ill find mines ready to deliver far men and machines are now being down in. Ten million tons of are a year are expected.
1951: Canada::~Protection for both makers and users of commercial fertilizers is provided by the  Department of Agriculture inspectors who administer the Fertilizers
1951: Canada::~on the CBC Trans- net- IJ
1951: Canada::~lember. The basis for each show % ; is a letter home from an English- [ % ( man recently settled in .
1951: Canada::~Vicious and versatile, disease organisms1 take an annual toll of more than two billion dollars on North American crops and farmers must be constantly alert against new attacks, N. W. Cor-mack, of the  Department of Agriculture Science Service Laboratory, Leithbridge, said in a recent address there.
1951: Germany:Canada:~Mr. Swede was born in  and came to  alone at the age of 17 and has resided at Otter Lake ever since has been a farmer all his life, reads without glasses, hears well and has a great memory.
1951: Canada::~Central  Exhibition, Lansdowne Park, Ottawa.
1951: and style of the congregation of In 1860, a Deacon’~s Court, or Bristol and Leitchfield in con- Board of Managers, was estab-nection with the Presbyterian lished, consisting of William Church in Canada.” So reads Shirley, Hugh Young, John Duff, the first minute of the Session re- Robert McJanet, Archie Stewart, cords and with that date begins John Murray and George Mor-the history of what is now “Bris- risen, loi United Pastoral Charge”.
1951: Canada::~Central  Exhibition Assn., Lansdowne Park, Ottawa.
1951: Canada::~provides financial assistance to- the exception of corn, all these ward a plan of this kind but none has supported such a service as generally as is done in .
1951: Canada::~Permanent pastures in Eastern  are generally grazed continuously and as units. This type of pasture should be grazed to capacity but not over-grazed.
1951: CANADA::~OTTAWA,  Telephone 2-2240
1951: Canada::~Under the Feeding Stuffs Act ' of 1937, most of the feeds offered for sale in  must be registered. showing for the inform! ation of the purchaser, the chemical guarantee, and the list of ingredients from which the feed was compounded guarantee usually consists of a statement showing the percentage of protein, fat and fibre in the feed, and in the case of supplements, additional guarantees for minerals, such as calcium, phosphorus, iodine, iron and salt.
1951: Canada::~Under the Canadian Record of Performance service, provision is made for the establishment, under supervision of the  Department of Agriculture, of production credentials for purebred dairy cattle as a basis for the development of intelligent and constructive breeding programs. Such a service is considered basic for the improvement
1951: Canada::~All men and women who will be 70 or over on January lf 1952, and who are not at present receiving old age pensions, should apply now for pensions payable by the Government of  under the Old Age Security Act, 1951.
1951: light mu**»»~ is a program of Almost all English sparrows stretching exercises, done every I in Canada are descended from
1951: Canada::~speaking person was an outcast in an English community, and I the Annual Convention of the vice-versa . . now the two have W. I. held at Macdonald College learned to live amicably. . . this | in June, acceptance of the other has been the basis for 's unity.
1951: This new “Rocket”~ Engine lias become the most-talked-about power unit in Canada! That’s why the striking “Rocket” symbol on the hood of the Oldsmobile “88” or “98” marks it one of the world’s most advanced motor cars!
1951: Canada::~shower in honor	of Miss Geor-	:ng rtarls	October 1	and ends	*n one season:  Geese	and	by a large crowd of	people who	P^try when a blackberry	pick -
1951: Canada::Turning to the trend of ’s external trade, the review finds that this reflects ‘‘~the vigour of Canadian demand on outside sources of productive equipment and components." These factors, together with the additional one that Canadian defence purchasing in the United States has to date greatly exceeded the value of U. S. orders placed in Canada, have largely been responsible for Canadian merchandise imports at the end of June being 45 per cent higher in value than during the first half of 1950.
1951: Canada::~A new 16mm sound film, in full Aruco Color, on Canadian migratory waterfowl, is now available for free screenings by sportsmen's groups and lovers of the great outdoors. Entitled "Meet the Ducks", it is now being distributed by the Renograph Division of Associated Screen News Limited for Calvert Distillers () Limited.
1951: Canada::~Exports at mid-year also registered a gain, states the bank's analysis, but it was a "comparatively modest" one of 22 per cent in the half-yearly comparison. Aggregate commodity imports exceeded exports by $341 millions, the review continues, "whereas trade in both directions was close to balance in the same period a year ago." With more goods having entered the country than have left it, commodity shortages within  are being relieved, especially as "the supply of goods available to Canadians has been further augmented by a substantial increase in the domestic output."
1951: Canada::~During the month of September the advertising of the Dairy Poods Service Bureau will emphasize the goodness and delicious quality of milk as a drink. This advertising will be carried in key national magazines and daily and weekly newspapers across . In addition, the Bureau will offer new suggestions for the preparation of milk drinks and for employing milk as a food. These will appear in newspaper food
1951: CANADA::~OTTAWA,  Telephone 2-2240
1951: Canada:Korea:~Relatives or friends of local boys who have left to join 's n Brigade are asked to supply The Equity with their address so that we may send him a complimentary paper each week, thus keeping him well abreast of local
1951: Canada::~foodstuffs. Certain difficulties have been experienced for some time in obtianing regular and adequate supplies of rice, flour and milk foods. It now appears that the list may be extended to in- j < lude butter, cheese, fresh and I canned fruit, and potatoes. The I prime causes are unsatisfactory I crop conditions in Australia, in- I creased domestic demand for ail I types of dairy products in the I Netherlands and Denmark, and I the general difficulty, apart from I trade controls, of obtaining such I foodstuffs from , the Un- I ited States and other producing j countries.	I
1951: Canada::~of its kind in use in a virus re- on the Trans- network.
1951: Canada::~Clubs of Eastern  have
1951: The Watchmakers of Switzer- Springs, Ga., Boston, Ann Arbor, Each member brought the ar-land, in endorsing this nationwide Mich., and Los Angeles. There tides they made for the exhibit “inspection’’ drive, suggests a are no schools of this type in at the Ottawa Exhibition. Plans few important “do’s” and dont’s”~ Canada.	were made for the school fair,
1951: Canada::~search laboratory in .
1951: Canada::~low-cost motoring at its smooth and easy best . . . in 's largest anti finest low-priced ear!
1951: Canada:Canada:~By The Veterans Benefit Act, 1951, passed at the last session of Parliament, the Government of  has extended and made applicable the provisions of the Reinstatement in Civil Employment Act, 1946, to all persons enlisting in the Regular Forces of  after July 5, 1 950, (nineteen fifty) and who serve therein for a term not exceeding three years.
1951: Canada::~By an Order in Council passed in 1950 under the  Forces Act the provisions of the Reinstatement in Civil Employment Act, 1 946, were extended to members of the Special Force and members of the Reserve Forces who serve on the strength of the Special Force. The reinstatement provisions of this Order in Council have now been incorporated in the provisions of the Veterans Benefit Act, 1 951.
1951: Canada::~Under the Reinstatement in Civil Employment Act c discharged person may claim reinstatement either verbally or in writing, usually within three months of discharge in  or four months if discharged overseas. There is provision for extension of this time when through a condition of health the employee cannot return to his employment this soon, but the employer must be notified in three or four months, as the case may be, and a Reinstatement Officer should be consulted.
1951: Canada:Korea:~14 00 a11 th? same people", but many, of wheat and barley from the he reports, were full of miscon- United States and Canada, and eeptions about Canada. All that 90,000 tons of sugar from Cuba, he talked to thought this coun- Provision has also been made for try had its own television and its the importation of crude oil, raw own draft for military service, cotton, manganese ore. leaf tob-Only a few knew  had aceo, iron and steel products, troops in . Only one man ocean-going vessels, and ma-knew the name of the Prime chinery.
1951: Canada::~The CBC is planning extensive radio coverage of the forthcorn-visit of Their Royal Highnesses Princess Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh, according to Acting General Manager Donald Man son. From , word pictures of the visit will flow to all parts of the world as the CBC makes its facilities and programs available to many countries.
1951: Canada::~K VS and  to their present after red clover, but onty 226.7 ttie farming equipment deafened 4 leading positions. If their invest- bushels and H>0 7 bushels per and manufactured here
1951: the requirement» <* farmer»~ le to meet Canada and other countries.
1951: Canada::~ceded by an oat crop. Thus, for the mixed farming areas of Eastern , the growing of crops in the following sequence, cultivated crops, cereal grains and then hay or pasture crops, would provide the maximum benefits to be gained from crop sequence, and allow the operator a flexible cropping program.
1951: Canada::~Eastern  is providing a tural mission from Pakistan profitable income and at the same time maintaining a high level of
1951: Canada::~visiting  under provisions
1951: *	How women's influence extends, comments the Bowman-ville. Ont., Canadian Statesman, pointing out women now outnumber men among registered individual shareholders of Dominion Textiles’~ common stock. More than 95 per cent of these shareholders live in Canada.
1951: Canada::~*	The Midland, Ont., Free Press takes heart that British people, under socialism and the threat of war are working harder for much less than we are, pointing out the latest survey shows that in the United Kingdom the average working week for men is 47.5 hours and the average weekly pay $22.50. In  the average working week is about 44 hours and the average pay in manufacturing industries nearly $1 per hour.
1951: * The Kelowna, B. C. Courier, says that each year the pré~sure increases throughout Canada for observance of all national holidays on Mondays.
1951: russia::*	Val D'or Star: The western world knows that millions arc toiling in ’b slave labor camps, massing together the soviet’~s gigantic war production. The full extent of these camps and gigantic death toll is unknown, but the smell that has seeped out from those brooding camps In russia should be enough to put every Canadian on guard against anything that could strengthen russia’~s feelers In Canada.
1951: Canada::~This is a chance to serve  at a time when defence stands as a most important national concern. The training and experience in leadership will be invaluable throughout his whole life.
1951: CANADA::~Suggestion Of The Week: BUY  SAVINGS BONDS TODAY!
1951: Canada::~No one phase of industry In this country bettor illustrates the economic and population changes that have taken .place in  within the past 75 years than does our cheer® industry. At one time our leading commodity In the export market, shipments abtoad have shrunk to almost token amounts which this y ' u' may b* balanced by imports. From almost a reglig'ble position a» a domestic fbod used by Canadians cheese vales have steadily advanced until today Canadians are eating well over 60 million pounds daily.
1951: Canada::~momentous year  exported over 200 million pounds of < heese—it was our chief product in world markets until wheat came along.
1951: Canada:Canada:~Times have changed. Canada acquired greater population, pasteurization and process milk were invented and cheese, as an export commoditywgradually lost its a: tractive ness to Canadian dairymen. This year it is doubtful if much more than 12 to 15 million pounds will go overseas, and somewhere near that amount will be imported. But cheese is still manufactured by the millions ofjpounds in , in more modern plants with the finest of equipment. The big difference today is tha* most cheese made in  is eaten by Canadians. In fact it has become one of the favorite foods of this country. “Cheese Festival", during the month of October, is being sponsored to stimulate an even greater appreciation of this fact.
1951: Canada::~Today we must add to these benefits the contribution thrift can make toward easing civilian demands on the output of our economy when it is under strain. The offeiing of a new series of  Savings Bonds this October provides us with a timely opportunity to realize all these advantages.
1951: Canada::~This system is a little more complicated than previous issues of  Savings Bonds but it offers an increasing incentive to owners to hold their bonds over a longer period in comparison to the fiat 2*4% paid on past issues. It is now possible to buy up to $5000 of this issue in any one name, thu; providing an opportunity to take advantage of the new terms on a larger scale than before. The bonds are always cashable at full face value plus interest anytime.
1951: Canada::~All these considerations combine to encourage us to make plans now to buy as many  Savings Bonds as we possibly can.
1951: Canada:Canada:~Industry's back-to-the-country movement seems to be common to both the United States and . South of the border, according to a recent survey of 148 major manufacturing firms, nearly two-thirds of the postwar building has been in small towns. In Ontario, ’s largest industrial province, 77 new branch plants were established in 1950 and of these.
1951: CANADA::~OTTAWA.  * j Telephone 2-2240
1951: Canada::~istrative Officer H. R. Parnell, has been estimated at about 700,000 pounds, of which 500,000 pounds is Kentucky Blue-gras? and 200,000  Blue-grass. This is only about one-third the record crop harvested in 1950, yet is somewhat above average.
1951: Canada::~Production of . Blue-grass seed is confined to Ontario chiefly the Niagara Peninsula area.
1951: Canada::~spoken despatches from contri- weekday on the CBC Trans-Can-butors throughout  and aria network.
1951: Your safest investment —~ Canada Savings Bonds — can be cashed at full face value plus interest at any time. If you hold them to maturity they pay you a better return than ever before — an average per year of 3.21 °/o.
1951: Canada::~October the many kifvda of cheese now available in  will be emphasized.
1951: CANADA::~, , SAVINGS BOND SCRAPBOOK By Jacques
1951: Canada::~in Western , Vancouver,
1951: Canada::~in , per head of the employed labor force, gained
1951: Canada::~During the same five-year period, the number of people working in  also increased. In 1946 the employed labor force, wto'ch includes agriculture and the professions, averaged over the year, was 4,652,000. In 1950, on the average, it numbered 4,973.000.
1951: Canada:Canada:~All we have to use in  is what we produce in . (Or what we buy in exchange for what we have produced—which is the same thing.)
1951: Canada::~It is planned to have supper meetings about every six weeks and o trier meetings weekly. The Crew is in urgent need of a Den where this Junior Service Club can meet regularly. Any suggestions, Mr. Public? John Saunders, a new Squire, was welcomed to the Crew. It will be recalled that John was recognized by the Governor General, the Chief Scout for  last February in Bc’.den-Pwowell.s birthday honors, Yeoman (Bear Richardson is endeavoring to arrange for a Cchistmas Toy Shop this year.
1951: Canada::~If you are mechanically-minded, you can serve  — in defence against aggression — as a skilled Aircraft Technician. The R.C.A.F. will give you the necessary trades training — at good rates of pay with opportunities for advancement in the modem field of aviation.
1951: In situ te»~ of Canada, Fan thill Ont., and her husband
1951: CANADA::~OTTAWA.  Telephone 2-2240
1951: When retirement age rods around, a man want» to lit bock and relax without a worry in the world and no need to be o dependent A Canadian Government Annuity con help. It’s the best—and easiest—~buy for future security anywhere. There's no medical examination. Payments are tow and, should you miss one, contract won't tops#. Your money is guaranteed by the Government of Canada and
1951: the largest listening-group pro- against F. E. Smith, a grain farm-gram of its type in the world, will start its 12th season Thursday. October 29, on the CBC’~s Trans-Canada network.
1951: More than a century of International Harvester manufacturing skill has gone into the making of the amazing I - H Refrigerators • •~ available now In Canada for the first time.
1951: l began to get mad. "Cut out horn, has become more popular Ue acting, I said. "It’s all over, in this country, particularly in Be yourself for awhile. Say, I’~ll Western Canada, since the end /
1951: CBC Dominion network. This season “Mrs. A " is more .than T.iis ‘*eeP‘n§~ up her* reputation for living out of a suitcase. She plans to originate her program in than 50 cities across Canada, tying in at each place with special events such as conventions, fairs,
1951: Canada::~the use we could make of books He came to  in 1899. and
1951: CANADA::~OTTAWA,  Telephone 2-2240
1951: Canada::~Secretary-Treasurer	s ,	ment of  regulations.	moved to the premises known
1951: Canada:Holland:~of W i neon si n, reslMzes that a Sugar sprayed on plants is ab-proper land use program can be sorbed through the leaves and developed in a real problem makes up for loss of sunlight, area. Many similar conditions Dr. F. W. Went of California can be seen on farms across Institute of Technology reports. . The Dominion Expert- in Naaldwijk, ^ this
1951: Canada::~_ _ .	., . ,	,	 in the past 10 years, ac...	Remember that the famous cording to the American Can
1952: CANADA::~53 Queen Street OTTAWA.  Telephone 2-2240
1952: United States:Canada:~There is another side to the picture. The  government levies taxes on some items on which there is no federal tax in 
1952: But. on the whole, f•~scierai tax levies appear to be tug1'* in Canada this’.'
1952: Canada:Canada:~tax in the United States, according to The Fmaneia but  collects 40 percent (including the salt's tax ) items on which the U S A collects no federal taxes, but fyj which  derives considerable revenue, include t Canadian tax shown includes sales tax and chewing gum 25
1952: Canada::~o the market :o buy appiia t eat candy or drink foft cL h.s fi: gre on y nt fcr service * e tax free  for in static wery cheque or- money * order :?
1952: Canada::~The Royal Bank < f  M
1952: Canada:Korea:~Rt latives or friends of local boys who have left to join 's n Brigade are asked to supply The Equity with their address >o that we may send him a complimentary paper each week, thus keeping him well abreast of local
1952: Community news and the sight of familiar names are a really worthwhile message from home to those who are away—~so if you know of anyone serving in Canada's Special forces
1952: Canada::~necessary go over all your equip- Trans- network. Monday	more you need them,
1952: Canada::~In conclusion may I invite the subject of	discussion across	your readers to contact me coni in ported |  at Farm	Forum Broadcast	cerning	any matters related to
1952: Canada::~As  has grown in de- ment are quick to criticize some- The pupils and staff sincerely Rushing The Season. Mrs. Ivan mocracy, so have its schools. The	times. True, the students are	hope that you will make a su-	Hod-gins told Clarence Dean
1952: Canada::~ative Union of  at the usually carefully discussed and mum of supervision, when, where
1952: United States::~acrage. An announcement by the National Fertilizer Association verifies this. The Association said that if grasslands in the  were fertilized as recommended by the nation’~s agricultural colleges, the additional fertilizer would have made possible the production of almost three million extra tons of beef. Moreover, if adequate amounts of fertilizer had been applied to land devoted to field crops. U. S. farmers could have increased their corn output by 22 per cent, wheat by IT per cent and cotton by 28 per cent. If this could be done across the border, the same should be possible in Canada where facilities to produce fertilizers and other essential agricultural chemicals have kept pace with increased demands in recent vears
1952: Canada:usa:~In 1859 a Swiss banker visiting in Italy went to view the battle of Solferino wearing a white suit. He must have thought that morning that he could be a casual observer at the making of history, removed from the heat and passion of the men who made it. He did observe. No one questioned his neutrality. He suffered no wound. But what he saw stirred his passions so profoundly that he devoted the rest of his years to an ideal which robbed him of his fortune, his reputation, his health and finally life itself. His name was Henri Dunant, founder of the Red Cross. Henri Dunant saw the wounded of both camps in that battle dying untended. Because there was no one else to do it he cared for them himself. Then he spent his life devising and promoting a plan whereby men might protect one another from their own inhumanities nations subcribe to Henri Dunant's ideal. The Red Cross is the one remaining world parliament in which men of every race still meet on equal ground to work for the common good of all mankind, regardless of what world madness projects itself. . .  is one of those nations. The Canadian Red Cross Society is nearly 60 years old and has grown from one lone branch of the British Red Cross Society, formed in 1896, to a national organization of 1.400 branches and more than 1.000,000 members, a respected leader in the Red Cross federation of nations. It can count on the services of some 1,100,000 volunteer workers and is supported solely by the gratuitous contributions of hundreds of thonds of Canadians who know that if mercv is to serve the world it must also work at home. They see to it that it works at home—for disaster victims, for veterans in hospital, for the sick, for crippled children, for people in trouble everywhere. . .They know too—without the rude lesson suffered by Henri Dunant—that they cannot stand apart, that it takes strong united effort by countless individuals to sustain the ideal which is the hope of civilization.
1952: Canada::~The world cannot hope for a secure peace as long as great numbers of its peoples border on starvation and who are becoming increasingly aware of their poverty in relation to plenty. This statement was made at the annual meeting of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture by the Prime Minister of  who suggested that Canadians can help to alleviate the world hunger by producing more through improved farm practices and sharing what they have with the hungry. No one can dispute the Prime Minister’s argument. As long as people have insufficient food, they will regard those who have sufficient with suspicion and hostility. It is difficult to talk a person into being a friend when the shadow of starvation is lurking behind him. Some Canadians think we are producing as much as we can and that the most of the arable land in the country is now in use. But increased production does not necessarily require more soil. It may he achieved by getting more out of the existing farm
1952: As the Mission was left intact citer the bombings she was able tp resume the work much more nuickly than in som»~ of the less fortunate districts. Miss Rorke said that in the absence rf the missionaries the light of Christ-an it y had never gone out. it waz only necessary to trim the wicks and to replenish the oil. She brought messages of sincere thanks and appreciation to the people of Canada who had through their churches sent gifts of any kind, and especially for the gifts of canned milk for the babies. Many lives were saved through this effort and the children given a new chance on life.
1952: Since this is Educational week place, as have women in many 3. Sandra Sturgeon, all of Camp- £~ in throughout Canada, the following other professional fields
1952: Canada:Canada:~Principe! and half-yearly interest (March 1st and September 1st) payable in lawful money of  at any branch in  of the Commission’s bankers (Far Northern Branches excepted) or at the Commission's Head Office in the City ctf Montreal. Coupon debentures in the denominations of $1,000, $10,000 and and $100,000 without provision for interexchange. Debentures may be registered as to .principal only. These debentures will be subject to redemption at the opinion ctf the Commission
1952: Canada::~back to me. Well,	Henry	has	a	ens is	a peculiar animal. In fact,	tacks. Philip Hod#ns set up	After many months in	Eng-	Trans- network. Among
1952: bankrupt when the depression came along. Bill scraped bristol pastoral charge In the Spring, they say, a young man’~s fancy lightly together enough money to start a transport business vniteu church or canada turns to thoughts of love. Not feeling so young these and sold it as a going concern when he bought the Pon-days our thoughts have been dwelling upon the more t'30 House, which he operated for ten years until 1950
1952: Canada::~be John Fisher who is well Raymond Lalonde known all over  from his 1st Shawville Troop ladio talks. The Scouts Parents Bronze Arrowhead are also invited to see this presentation. Being a King's Scout is really the acme of Scouting and the name was originally
1952: Canada::~year-old cow and other farm year raising poultry and selling equipment. Bert Hod gins R R 1, profitable chicks.  ap-Cnarteris.	xall. proved chicks hatched in clean- Give the easiest Credit
1952: Canada:Korea:~Relatives or friends of local boys who have left to jo;n 's n Brigade are asked to supply The Equity with their ad-dies? so that we may send him a complimentary pa-pci each week, thus keeping him we]] abreast of local happenings even though he may be miles
1952: Community news and the sight of familiar names are a really worthwhile message from home to those who are away—~so if you know of anyone serving in Canada's Special
1952: Canada::~In a recent check of 20.000 tickets of B.l hogs weighing 140170 pounds, inspectors of the  Department of Agriculture found that 74 per cent were faulted for too much fat: only two per cent had too little. 9
1952: CANADA::~OTTAWA,  Telephone 2-2240
1952: Canada::~profitable chicks.  ap---proved chicks hatched in clean-
1952: Canada:Korea:~Relatives or f jjer.de of local beys who have left to loin 's n Brigade are asked to supply The Equity with their address so that we may send him a complimentary paper each week, thus keeping* him well abreast of local happenings even though he may be miles
1952: Community news and the sight of familiar names are a really worthwhile message from home tc those who are away—~so if you know of anyone serving n Canada's Special
1952: Canada::~Shaw ville. Eugene LaSalle,	the Grand Lodge of  in
1952: Canada::~Membership in Sports College, the national public service organization designed to help raise the standards of physical fitness and sports efficiency in , is free. Anyone can join, including girls, and young women and we have divisions for ail ages—we also have a special division for coaches, managers and other such leaders and officials. To join send a letter to:	Sports College,
1952: Canada::~A group of two hundred Texas farmers and their wives who are touring Eastern  will visit Macdonald College on the morning of June 11, where they will spend some time examining the problè~me of raising beef cattle in Canada.
1952: •~ Thi? is R A. (Rube) Hornstein, officer in charge of the Dominion Public Weather Office, Halifax, who discusses what makes the weather, and why, in the broadens; series, Ask the Weatherman, the CBC Trans-Canada network, heard Sunday evenings at 6.20 or* In his program he debunks—or upholds—old weather theories tended down through the cen-v.ricj ari give» colorful up-to-date explanations of anything from drizzle to hurricanes and Chinooks. For seven years he has broadcast av similar program for Maritime listeners.
1952: Canada::~meeting that 4,000 Quebec workers, families had moved to Ontario from Quebec since 1945 seeking, better living conditions Quebec, he claimed, still had the highest percent of TB ca-es in . He predicted a Liber-victory over the Union Nationale party “when Quebec would be given to the people”.
1952: Canada::~May he you didn't know that by far the biggest number of truck users in  today are buying Chevrolet Trucks.
1952: —~The per capita debt at $82.00 is the lowest of any Province of Canada;
1952: Canada::~highest in .
1952: CANADA::~UNITED CHURCH OF  Rev. L E. Cavender
1952: 30 countries in Europe. the Adventure, wh-ch Middle Fas , r.d the Far East vt.. ' -*cf : «~ Tuesday nights on His obi ; t vxas to observe all ihe CSC Trans-Canada netwoik a-pects of life and to record ‘ S.00. Here the Hendersons are conversations, interviews, folk with the tape recording maenme songs, dances and music.	His that captured foreign sounds and
1952: Canada::~of the	Central  Exfhibi-	Among	the	societies	expected	cultural Society have under-	__________ ed himself from the group and
1952: Canada::~you know of anyone mm inf in # Special forces . .ikjm phone too Equity at: ShawvMt Tf ah*
1952: Canada::~There are outstanding career opportunities for young men in the C anadian Army Active Force. They are career opportunities with challenges of adventure, the excitement of travel in the most important job in  today — defence.
1952: CANADA::~CENTRAL  EXHIBITION ASSOCIATION
1952: CANADA::~BRISTOL PASTORAL CHARGE UNITED CHURCH OF  Rev. I. E. lavender
1952: Canada::~appear on the agenda. The first There will be a number of Six- invest a number of the Squires * r cn Wednesday the 3rd to wticn of  fall meeting of the	Wolf	Cub	ers	and 2nds appointed as well	who have qualified to become	which all the Cub and Scout	rrr>p you don't often see them
1952: Canada::~its DODUlar vote has	risen from	180,000 in	1948 to	about	An example of this machine	Ously. This includes a day from	this part of .	the plane beside the combine.
1952: Canada::~contest was not made very clear to the rest of 	£?	rjL'lATJÏ	Z SaV.
1952: Canada::~gree from politics in other parts of . For one	jLfQgrKT	, _ T	««s-rack" of about ten brands of 5
1952: Canada::~per cent of the aggregate population of . Provincially the electors have turned against the Liberal ^heT Onè^of ’îhe Tauer turned Party, for reasons typified by the case of New Bruns- out to be serious and a doctor wick, but they have not necessarily switched to the was called, a graduate of the st.
1952: Canada::~Fraser with Mrs A C Shennett Mrs. Shennett reported that a guest of the Central Cana 'a!k was given by Miss L. Me-presiding	the wood-working exhibit of the a guest of the Central  Gillivray, herself a blind person,
1952: Canada::~4.	Land areas in  corresponding to our states are which: (a) provinces, (b) cantons, (c) districts?
1952: Canada::~He spoke on  and the resources of each of its 10 prov-
1952: CANADA::~xol6 UNITED CHURCH OF  -----	Rev. I E. Calender
1952: Community news and the sight of familiar names are a really worthwhile message from home to those who are away—~so if you know of anyone serving in Canada's Special
1952: CANADA::~BRISTOL PASTORAL CHARGE UNITED CHURCH OF  Rev. I. E. Cavender St. Andrew’s
1952: Canada::~"Starving amidst the resources of * .” Flannelgraph talk to |
1952: Canada::~Mr. T. E. Black and sou Seiwyn	In the rale of ah	dnthustostic ICBC's	Tran,- network,	by 'te‘8bb°r* to *	%^'sp^cmTMow!
1952: Canada::~industry develops,  will lenge to public service.	shocked last Wednesday at the At midmgnt the ladle- served this tonsil antf adenoid cases	*	*	*
1952: Canada::~cording to Jno. C. McGuire, While both overall length and One of the mod outstanding Coupe, Belvedere Hardtop and Ohry^er Corporation of , height of the new Plymouth have improvements, say Chrysler of- Surburban.
1952: Canada::~passed away December 2, 1937.  Not just today but everyday, Province of Quebec In silence we remember.	District of Pontiac.
1952: Canada:Canada:~The Canadian Army needs more of these men.  needs more of these Infantry Soldiers to help maintain our security, to help assure our future. For young men with the spirit of adventure, there is challenge and satisfaction in serving with ’s world-famous Infantry.
1952: Germany:Canada:~Wherever they have served, Canadian Infantrymen have distinguished themselves. Today, in Korea and , ’s Infantry Soldiers are once again demonstrating their superiority.
1953: Canada::~Empress of . Dr. Bumesl I	.
1953: CANADA::~BRISTOL PASTORAL CHARGE UNITED CHURCH OF  Rev. I. E. Cavender St. Andrew's
1953: Canada::~property has denite mine in Eastern  been purchased by Quebec Metal- is the LaCorne Mine north of Val lungical Industries and includes d’Or
1953: Canada::~February 1-7, and the ninth time that the Health League of  nas sponsored such a week. The objective of National Health
1953: Canada::~Solos, Simone	Dupont,	Henry		and	thus	raise	our	nation-
1953: Canada::~Henry and John Bourgeau.	ization; only two of 's	also	Ed	Rausch’s	trained	hares	to
1953: United States:Canada:~As it was drawn, the compromise line makes a cape named West Quoddy Head the easternmost point of land In the . Maine's northernmost town, stril called Township 20, can be reached by road only by way of , and includes houses split through the front parlor by the boundary.
1953: Because Benjamin Franklin, John Jay, and John Adams didn’~t know where the Mississippi River began, there is a 130-square-mile chunk of U S territory north of Minnesota's mainland that is completely surrounded by water and Canada. This “Northwest Anglo,” hitched to Manitoba, is cut off from the rest of Minnesota by waters of the Lake of the Woods.
1953: Canada::~>	.
1953: Canada::~No hospital can operate without outside help. The Pontiac Community Hospital Is one of the finest In . Jt deserves our financial support. The easiest way to do this Is to buy
1953: Canada:England:~Touring  on her way back to Australia from , under the Auspices of the Canadian Protestant League. “Since her conversion, Miss Farrell has campaigned vigorously to awaken Protestants to the sinister significance of modern
1953: Canada::~Berry's Barred Rock Chicks xf 12  Approved clean
1953: Canada::~Service in the Canadian Army is not merely a job, it is a worthwhile career in which the young man fits himself for a successful future, an#, plays a part in the vital work of keeping  secure and safe.
1953: One of the best-known farm land, the argumentive neighbor, families in Ontario and Quebec played by Alex McKee; George is the Craig family, which broad- Murray as the son, Bill Craig; casts in the CBC’s noon-hour the part of Janice, Bill’~s sister, farm program on the Trans- is taken by Alice Hill; and Canada network, Monday to Fri- Thomas Craig, the head of the day every week. Left to right family, is Frank Peddie, who they are:	Martha Craig, in real combines acting with a success-
1953: Canada::~It's o sports tradition in Montreal . . . Saturday Night's N.H.L. hockey game at the famous Forum enthusiastic crowd cheer on the great performers who give spectacular pace and colour to 's national game.
1953: CANADA::~F iannelgraph talk for boys and UNITED CHURCH OF  girls on “Gideon
1953: Canada::~Breen Melvin, acting secretary of the Co-op Union of , sent congratulations to the direc-ors on tiheir 1952 financial statement, also mentioning that in view of some of the problems «which other county co-ops are \ facing, the Pontiac Services has good reason for satisfaction.
1953: Canada::~Mr. George Carey, of Western days in town visiting with Mr. January 3 to draw up our com  is visiting in town.	and Mrs. Mickey Hodigins and mittees for the season. Thes
1953: Canada::~Their original home is the icy. torrential waters of the Great Atlas Mountains. They are a different species from  s present brown trout, which came originally from the British Isles. ! If the newcomers prove able to thrive in their new homeland, these “Salmo fario macrortygma" will become th«* 102nd species of freshwater tish of the province of
1953: usa:Canada:~listener, to the CBC Tra ns-Can- expected that experimental plant- good advice while coloring Mr. course. Basal the Bullfrog. The Editor. The Equity,	Sn Simonds, came to 	ada network know that he is in-	*n8s will be made in the streams	Easter B&g. Matilda the Cuckoo	broadcasts encourage	listeners
1953: ritL™~	Joseph Wyman II operated the seen a lot of Canada, broadcast- trout. These native Canadian little bird are heard regularly on “Cuck-oo Clock House- a favorite
1953: CANADA::~BRISTOL PASTORAL CHARGE UNITED CHURCH OF  Rev. L E. Cavender
1953: Canada:United States:~ today. One-time writer and arranger for Harry James, he was Assistant Musical Director In his time, which was after all for mGM in the  be-not long past, an election day in	becoming a Canadian citizen.
1953: Canada::~No hospital can operate w ithout outside help. The Pontiac Community Hospital is one of the finest in . It deserves our financial support. The easiest way to do this is to buy ,
1953: Canada::~Doreen Dolan scored the two main and Elizabeth Lefreniere, he Digest.  and the n <
1953: CANADA::~UNITED CHURCH OF  Rev. I E. Cavender
1953: Canada::~Clydesdale gelding; Pleasant	Mickey are champion draft team	ville and second and third at	.****
1953: Canada::~ant to C D. Howe, Charles Boh-  have a Canadian repres-
1953: dd&otcd servant that Terniscam- “~and as Canada is made up of liTgue-Pontiac has ever seen. I ?uch diverse "groups the govern-süpport Hugnie 150%” concluded ment must be founded on national the French speaking MLA from unity.”
1953: Canada:Canada:~Today 84% of the capital invested in  is from  it-
1953: Canada::~For Prize List, Entry Farms Write H. H. McELROY, General Manager Centra!  Exhibition Association Lansdowne Park, Ottawa, Can.
1953: England:Canada:~vent when he was only 14 years old. Later he was sent to St. Stanislas, a French village halfway between Valleyfield and Huntingdon where he worked first for a blacksmith then for a farmer. When WiMhtm Condon turned 18. he diluted in the 87th Battalion and went to England. During his stay in , he managed to get in touch with one of his brothers and one of his sisters but after he came back to  in 1920, he lost track of all his relatives. Now after 33 years, the Red Cross makes it possible for him to re-establish contact with his sister. William Condon will be able to tell Mrs. O'Malley all about his Canadian way of life, his French-Canadian wife (Vinalda Lefebvre) whom he married in Huntingdon in 1920, the lovely bungalow they owiv in Huntingdon as well as the trials and tabulations encountered since the day he left his native land 42 years ago.
1953: ENGLAND:CANADA:~CHURCH OF  IN 
1953: Canada::~I availed myself of these opportunities to make some general comments on the political situ- I ation in  as I saw it. L
1953: Canada::~Esso nient of previous evenings that Golden Plow, will be awarded at  now has a truly repres-the first world plowing champion- entative government which should ship match which will take place remain in on the Durham-Northumberiand Counties Home Farm, near Co- as
1953: United States:Canada:~The competition is open to sets from anywhere in the  and . However, the Exhibition authorities are anxious that there should be an excellent representation from the Ottawa area and accordingly are issuing a special invitation to district clubs and organizations to place sets in this big event.
1953: Canada::~Ottawa district chibs and organizations will have an excellent opportunity of raising funds for their activities through entry in the Central  Exhibition’s $1,000.00 Square Dancing Competition.
1953: Canada::~the Federal Government in baby bonuses alone. Speaking of the surpluses in Ottawa, Mr. Young asserted that if everyone went out of work tomorrow, every worker in  could collect Unemployment Insurance for five
1953: Canada::~The trophy for the world champion is being jointly offered for annual competition by Imperial Oil in  and other interested companies overseas. It
1953: working with the same tools. In- Other nations competing are ¦~ cidentally all filleters can keep Great Britain. Northern Ireland, their fish, whether they win or Republic of Ireland. Norway, Fin-not. They will be judged on ! land, S weed en, Holland, West speed and appearance of fish. Germany and Canada.	,|
1953: Canada::~bs we .”
1953: Mrs. McCord’~s faultless delivery and smooth flew of points in favor of Her party brought her listeners to attention. She likened Canada to a baby with a wet diaper. “It :s time”, she said, ‘for a change.”
1953: Canada::~UNDER a Liberal government, Canadians have added every year to the national strength and national unity of ;
1953: Canada::~sold their cottage and	returned	Mrs. Lorn Little and Mrs.	. Mr. R. H. Painter, BSA,
1953: ¦~ I the livestock indiustry and has unrivalled knowledge and experience of the insect problems affecting the industry in Western Canada and of methods of deal-I ing with them. He was in ! charge of a warble-fly control campaign , throughout the West from 1942 to 1948, and played an important part in the estaib-I lishment and direction of the Livestock Insect Laboratory at Lethbridge since 1947. The industry should benefit greatly from enlarged scope of his ac-I tivities. Mr. Ha*ufe has demon-j strated exceptional ability in the planning, direction and execution of research work on insect pests.
1953: Canada::~Additional research staff will I be transferred from Kamloops to j Jr ; Lethbridge to meet the needs cf ; the enlarged research program j there. It is also planned to develop a comparable research centre in Ontario to serve the industry in Eastern GJenada. Some phases of the studies will be continued at laboratories at Ottawa, Ontario. Kamloops, B.C., and Saskatoon, Sask. This work in the Department throughout  is directed and coordin-6 ated by Dr. C R Twinn. Head $ Veterinary and Medical Entom-K ology Unit of the Department.
1953: Canada::~States and Western . The Mr. and tour sponsored by Quebec
1953: Canada::~homes across  that night,	cultural representatives, D. A/s	tryjnK vvc< ks before his death	are being made to have it shown
1953: Canada::~All broadcasts will be heard on Monday evenings on the Trans- net/work of the CBC and will be followed by local discussions.
1953: Canada::~This is the 9th consecutive year the three best films recently profor Shawville Calf Club to have dueed in , the winning Western Quebec A film of great beauty and inJunior Judging team.	spiration, its purpose is to inform
1953: England:Canada:~(the people of the Church of  in  what they are doing through their own Missionary Society to bring the power of the Spirit of Christ into the lives of the people of their own
1953: England:Canada:~As part of the Golden Jubilee Year observance, the Church of  in  has produced a colored- film entitled!: “The Power Within”. This outstanding film has been rated one of
1953: Canada::~ium. Austin 2 Forum and $239.98 If 1S|) 1 HffS IvCiCOrU and wandered into ,  from 13 members of the Pine j	°	through the islands of Lake !} '
1953: Canada::~Breen Melvin, Secretary Co-op Union of  and several applications for membership.
1953: Canada::~Only one car can be the leader! Only one car can be the favorite ! Only car can be the most-sought, most-bought car in ! That car, year-in, year-out, is Chevrolet. In the first six months of 1953, according to the latest official registration figures, Canadians bought 41,660 Chevrolets. This is 12,401
1953: Canada::~cars than were sold by its nearest competitor - dramatic proof of 's continuing preference for Chevroletsl
1953: Canada::~Chevrolet, for Chevrolet consistently shows highest trade-in values of any car in  I Final proof of good value is the loyalty of Chevrolet drivers, a loyalty that grows stronger with every new year — with every great Chevrolet we build.
1953: Canada::~Those who were present in Maple Leaf Gardens for  Day, will never forget the thrill of the program presented, both in the afternoon
1953: Canada::~Doris Black of Osgoode, Ont, Hon. J. C. Taggart, Deputy Clayton, Edgar and Ronald Rus- Minister of Agriculture, , sett of tOtawa, were Sunday vis- gave official welcome, which r 1: itors at the home of Mr. and Mrs. followed by greetings from Robert Russett.	around the world by the A.C.W.W
1953: Canada::~The Manager of the Bank in Shawville has a useful little habit of clipping interesting articles and posting them up beside the teller's cage so while you wait to be served you can read them. This week the posted clipping reads like a rehash of an editorial in The Equity about the duties and responsibilities that go along with our much touted rights as citizens in a free country. The more rehashing of this important idea the better. If every newspaper in  wrote an editorial on this subject every week, there would still be those about who think that the purpose of government it to hand out favors to citizens and take responsibility off their shoulders increasingly until nothing more is required of the individual but to breathe in and breathe out. Until we breed a special tribe of angels to take over in our capitols we might as well settle down to the fact that for democracy to work properly every citizen has to realize his responsibility along with his right.
1953: CANADA::~new Scoutmaster and Asst. Scout- | UNITED CHURCH OF  master were invested into their offices by the Commissioner. This Investiture was unique in as much as it is a direct promotion for the Scoutmaster from Assistant and the reaching of Scouter Status by a chap who joined Scouting as a Wolf Cub, passed I through to the Troup and later I to the Rover Crew, where he is still a Squire
1953: Rev. Father MacDonald was to have attended but a conflicting appointment will prevent this. Bristol will, on that day, be especially remembering John MacFarlane, Frederick Dean and William Herron who lost their lives in the 1st The monu* War and Frederick Murray, Edgar Smith and Leslie Russett, killed in the second World War. but people from all the sur round-and the first wreath will be ing villages are invited to Join placed by Mrs. W. J. Murray re- Bristol and share in this solemn presenting Mother’~s of Canada | and beautiful ceremony.
1953: ENGLAND:CANADA:~CHURCH OF  IN 
1953: Canada::~people with whom she spent her first few .
1953: ENGLAND:CANADA:~CHURCH OF  IN 
1953: ^T‘~.n s. Ba>' on Friday	niSbt at her	home	here.	I groups of farmers meeting across Canada, but some	Mrs.	H.	Lilard, Ottawa. 2nd vice-
1953: Canada::~wers shot in the Otter	Lake district	^  is relatively free of	race prejudice, and
