1883: Germany:France:~uj*qi to found a gp\crament, and we think way, you will have become as erudite in ceH that England, , America, sequence of tho heavy losses sustained in that a most unlikely contingency in the logic (?) as he is. The Advance seems to RUB8ja anff ’will participe in the the trade resulting in the late failure of present condition of affairs in this Pro- know more about Mr Pounore’s business j0jntprotection of their subjects and inter- several Ontario firms, and the crippling of
1884: Germany::~by tho pastor, Rev. R. Aston. BulUlle endo<1 the shooting. Some remain- vicinity of which thecW Wers killed. The University, Kingston. Mr. Thomas from burning the group ae ehe spoke.	cabled from  that the island
1884: Germany::~There is a rumor from  that a
1884: Germany:France:~After a year of study in all the Large Hospitals of , Austria,  and Great Britain, has re-opened his office in rear of
1884: Germany::~reckoned as within the limits of their his temporal possessions.  has \ iti hng at an easy trot over the per annum is spent in eating and £176,- p-ofit by it. aod >ou, my reader, may off r r 40; aTAKKT
1884: creditors of Charles, duke of Bolton” gcribed as follows : She possesses a fsce temPfce<1 translate it he couldn t regraves, while the unclaimed md her hair and large luminous eyes are u,“ai1 c°~mJ' ",,re-	ed and influential theolog ans in Germany. 0n trisl for thirty days, to m<n (>oarg cr
1885: well all day, and is easily startled, you | way that, ,f all the world were	stroVe to merest heraelf In the dresses would be safe, there might be some hap- ««~mbeant to observe that Germany ta| 9th That there i. it much difteronce
1885: Mi!!. i.ltho safe. Lord Heathurbloom alw.'v, excellent fritnde-WB. the door which the «~mn.l keep, m it. month .11 had not r-wmed together fur	0rnwn Pnilfveu of Germany, who. so-
1885: Germany::~as not affected the general situation, ami fu| whether even  could do so eing reinforced by Col. Irvine and his Oidets have been sent to Portsmouth to the mounted i*dice at Carlton may put the despatch vessel Mercury in lead.
1885: France:Germany:~available from England, Ireland, Scotland,  , Sweden ami Norway.
1885: Germany::~Near-sightedness is unknown among savage tribes. But more tnan half the children In  sutler from defective vision, and, in some schools, three fourths. T wen ty p^r cent of the boys, and from thirty to fnrty per cent, of the girls, were found to be Buffering f|om curva ure of the spine 1
1885: Germany::~the more exclusively native portion of this An ingenious kind of hand weaving ma who has deprived them of their advaneed Immense city. It was a white man's sever- chine or loom has been invented In , position In Polar exploration. His own ed foot stuck on a pike, In the middle of an by means of which silk, wool yarn, cords, country Is lees appreciative. His return K„,IU rw. __ .	_ . .,	¦ OP#» epeoe, with an empty purse attached strips of fabric, Ac., can be woven into pieces was greeted by the publication of
1886: If you are wmllng f«»r your friends you ran obtain prepaid passage tirki U «~t lowest rates s* this ufli available from England, Ireland, S, vtlaud, Fiant «~ Germany, .Sweden and Norway
1886: Italy:England:~With the guarantees that I at present hold for hiscctive alliance, he dares not do so ; and the united 1 i k:nS and Egyptian ea for the greater security in different dirtc-armies, with Franc-* outrai, Germany and tion#, the banker eventually turning up at Austria secretly suppling us and K iesia the Hotel Cmlombe about the same time as and  almost ar.ng  to draw one of fall employes reached the war office the sword, what c*n sh • do, except, per- ! |u order to hand the bank keys aod a short haps, make a frac as with her ironclads as note of thanks to Arabi Pasha, she did at DalcigUd iik-* great dog bark- j A few minutes later Mr. Trezarr once ingin its kennel but enable to break the more re entered hie carriage and uttered the chain that holds It back from biting? If welcome word, 44 Home.”
1886: Germany::~Having so recently been in , where It was supposed she had carried on communication with the exiled nobility, who were there plotting to Invade their country, she was from the tvst subjected to the suspicions of the Republican party
1886: Germany:France:~Two hundred and fifteen tavern, sixty The relations between  and liberal supply of Springer whiskey, he be-eight shop and twelve wholesale lloeneee  are dangerously «trained at present, gen work en the body. First he poured have been granted by the Toronto Commie- Heavy floods are causing much damage e^el e pint down Barker’s throat. Then he •~loners.	In England. Many factories in oeneeqnenoe	““ °/eï	sed
1886: France:England:~The cable despatch with reference to the critical relatione between France and England simply repeats, with increased emphasis, a story that has been current since M. Herbette was sent to Berlin to wards the close of September. It was then reported that Prince Bismarck was ipeting for the friendship of France as against England, and that, if only the French Ministry would give some pledge that it had renounced the hankering after Alsace-Lorraine, Germany would support Fiance in her preteusiona am to Egypt. The rimes' Berlin correspondent, in com menting on this rumor, said that it was as far front the truth as possible. If the Chancellor was looking for a new ally to help him in the existing crisis in European affairs, he was more likely to apply to England than to France. If M. Her-belle's mission to the German capital was meant, therefore, to bring about an understanding between France and Germany in opposition to England's continued occupation of Egypt, itwienotat all probable that he would accomplish hie iHjrposs. This opinion seems td nave been based on the recent tone of the Semi-official German press, which was more favorable than it had been for years before to an Anglo. German alliance. The long existing union in foreign policy between the central empires was originally formed with the object of checking the ambition of Russia. The aggressive attitude or that ppwer in the Balkan peninsula concerned England as well as Austria, and, notwithstanding the seeming acquieeceuse of the Berlin Government in the policy adopted by the Czar towards Bulgaria, it well known that Prince Bismarck pun it With disapproval. Humor having of late mediated  with the Northern Power, he would naturally use his diplomatic talents to prevent a conjunction which would be perilous to the rest of Europe, but lie had no thought* in doing so, of offending  or of sett ing up a bar to her co operation with Ger many and Austria. Unless, therefore, his sentiments have materially changed in
1886: Germany::~full moon, and by the use of some words  as a whole has hut a very small unfailing remedy for the diseases peculiar which, the charmer said, were in the Bible,	^ebt, scarcely more than one hundred and	to her sex. By druggists,
1886: Germany::~liable from fcngUud, Ireland, bvvllaud. Franc*. , Hwedrn and Norway.
1887: Even in the days of the “ Vicar of Wakefield ”~ the country' fair was the resort of sharpers, and since that day there has been many another Moses Primrose with his green spectacles. This story is reported from Germany, but this time the victim was green youth :
1887: Germany::~rick was played off a few days ago at a fair in . A well-dressed gentleman, sauntering about with a valuable goldheaded cane in his hand, was » topped by a wretched-looking man, who had dragged himself painfully along on crutches, and piteously implored charity. The gentleman, moved to compassion, generously gave the man a piece of silver.
1887: Germany::~operations to  territory.	polite to offer these gentlemen a glass of	would not have done to try a atick-to	let
1887: 8t. John, D. T., March 1.—~Serious dif- Half and Germany, Italy agreee to place TOO,-1 The A Acuity is feared with the Half-breeds.	OJO trooP* at the dlepoeel of Austria,	in the
1887: Germany::~uv*liable from Knglaml, Inland, bi-utkiid, rr , Sweden nml Norway.
1887: Germany::~It Is stated the Crown Prince of  is suffering from cancer of the tongue.
1887: Germany:Italy:~A large consignment of need wheat recelv ed nt the Expert mental Farm from England, Russia, , India, Greece and , will be distributed in small quantities to various parte of the Dominion, with a view of testing He adaptability to our climate.
1887: Germany:United States:~Tobacco-blindness is becoming a common ! gw- than that felt towards , b estimated that the exports of wheat affliction. At present there are several per- though it may be different in kind, lioth flour from the  during the I on ¦one under treatment for it at one London | phases of national hate spring at bottom current orop year will equal 160,0(6,000
1887: France:Germany:~If you are sending for your friends you can obtain prepaid passage tickets at lowest rates at thin oSce, available from England. Ireland, Badland, . , Sweden and Norway.
1887: France:Germany:~ mobilises  will mobilise also.
1887: If yon are sending for your friend* you ran obtain •repaid |nuikigi; ticket# at loww»t rates at this oftive, tv«~ilahlo fWnn England, Ireland, Scotland, France. Germany, Sweden and Norway.
1888: France:Germany:~And  and  would fain E'en fight again o’er Alsace-Lorraine,
1888: “~Within ye chancel of tin h church was fluct The crops in these two states com interrred the body of the (.reat Sir > a . priBe nearly all of the pepperment that is Raleigh on the day he was beheaded in 0	wn in the world. Germany produces
1888: Germany:France:~much more valued and utilized than in Eog From a chemical point of view, man is j land, and the waterways are specially look composed of thirteen elements, of which five ed after by the Government, which h are gases and eight are solids. If we con- cently undertaken a large expenditure for aider the chemical composition of a man of their further development.  the average weight of one hundred and , has a canal system of con side
1888: Germany::~The daily papers report terrible floods in portions of , with the water still rising. 72.000 people are homeless in the inundated districts and the damage to property is estimated at 400,000,000 marks. A great number of people have been drowned.
1888: Germany::~German silver was not invented in  and does not contain a particle of silver.
1888: France:Germany:~Mr. Charles Demachv, one of the great bankers ol , died n. me was on the bond given to Prince Bismarck in lxothschilu's < dice, promising 2.0 000,000 francs indemnity to  as the price for not marching the whole German army through Paris. The money was to be paid in gold, and when Bismarck saw the signatures he postponed his demand fui spot cash.
1888: Germany:Germany:~Several years ago a number of German workmen came to Connecticut by a preconcerted arrangement, and obtained employ ment in the clock factories in New Haven, Ansonia, Water bury, Thomas ton, and vYin sted. They worked steadily for a long time, applied themselves diligently to mastering the science of clock making, and became proficient in the art of handling the fine tools necessary to work. Tney also pur chased the tools and several of the complicated machines, and, returning to , they began the manufacture of clocks for themselves. They set up a factory in the Black Forest region, and their business now amounts, according to letters recently received here, to nearly 50,000 clocks a month. This German factory has proved a close competitor with the Connecticut concerns. Materials and labor are so much cheaper in  than in this country that they beat us in the foreign markets, and they are pushing their wares to the exclusion of the
1888: Germany::~There are now three periodicals in Europe which are wholly devoted to African and comments upon the various enterprises developing there, while three fourths of the space in another journal is given solely to affairs in the Congo State. One of these periodicals has a circulation of 6.000 copies. L'Afrique, which is published in Geneva, and the A frican Timtn of London have been in the field for several years, and now comes the A frika Pont, issued in Hamburg, which will be chit fly devoted to 's commercial interests in her new African colonies. Some surprising newspaper ventures also are springing up on African soil. The sun received the other day a copy of a twelve page blanket sheet full of news and advertisements, which is published semi-weekly at the lusty mining town of Johannis-berg, in the Transvaal, a place that had no existence three years ago. When news paper men finally start their presses on the shores of the great central lak hope to get more reliable news and fewer silly rumors from Africa.
1888: Germany:England:~to engage an alliance with  against .
1888: “*•»**£~ deep, dry gullies, half choked Germany and S=humson. Two hundred ^ho wrote It ; perhaps we did It ear lowed by fishes In the depth, of the lea .’see with eiiud, while every here and there you part, of starch are boiled under a pressure , Tne writingl«,li. better than oum, not interfere either with the possibility or come upon a black, narrow, and seemingly 0f from two to three atmospheres with one t>ut it is just ae reasonable and to the p.lnt the hope of a resurrection, no more can
1888: Copenhagen, the Royal exhibition at Not- in the Qnirinal and the decoration and qualities which h.tve made him valuable The principal consuming companies abroad tingham, and the Belgian exhibition at	furnishing of	the Emperor’~s rooms	cost	to the King. He is said to have won the '	^ Germany, England, Belgutm, Holland,
1889: France:Germany:~paler in hue, but gorgeously arrayed and . Austria, and  have adopt- | ed this country that he could not speak the
1889: France:Germany:~paler in hue, but gorgeously arrayed and , Austria, and  have adopt- ed this country that he could not speak the wearing all the Crown jewels. In her hand ed smokeless gunpowder for their armies, Eoglish language," is the way his financial Alfred.''
1889: Germany::~valleys, and have looompleee knowledge of , playing “Faust"	the afternoon they saw two men enter,
1889: Germany::~Imported direct from , at all prices from
1889: Germany::~represented  in the Marine Confer-	The German Emperor # next journey is to	The situation is Lincoln park, Chicago ;	the
1890: Germany::~Egypt, $1,575 000 j , $l 000 000 ;
1890: Md royal datl.e dreams ol wearing •~ ready- Uilpwreok and miraculous aaoapa ol the bq,mr In Germany. A factory In Mannheim made urowa. Thi King ol Roumanie li eeid orlW| their thrilling ad.enturea among the prod no* daily 6 000 pound# from a prepare to boy hla orowaa of a Jawleh dealer In aaragra of Possat Island la the South Paolâo I don of ooooannu.
1890: Germany::~The only decent table in  is that of the Grand Duchess of Baden, who likes only white meals and fine wines, and makes her own coffee. The Prince of W ales prefers pale ale to the liest champagne, and the Princess bothers not a hit aliout her hill of fare, and half the time at Sandringham the kitchemnaid is ordered to prepare the famil meal instead of the pompous French che who is requested to keep his science for the
1890: Germany::~There was 17,9841 books published in  last year, an increase of nearly 1,000 over the number in 1888. The list of educational Ixwks is the largest, ‘2,083, and of masonic lx>oks the smallest, *22.
1890: Germany::~Thy cherished	treasures	profitless	anti I , now forced hy circumstances into	^	hatl the Ismes of Inez taken from	their religion and the	heavenly blessing
1890: ,,	D	¦ ¦~ , , Mocked hy mirage of joys that merge in I Germany should direct its efforts toward \7 î,m ooll,ÏHîli{ei\ J? V° her bornage, just as stray drops they could get
1890: An International Postage Stamp Exposition !**gan in Vienna on April 2U. All the lx?st know*»~ stamp collectors of England, France, tlie United States, Belgium, Switzer Und, Italy, Germany, and the Orient, have signified their intention to be present, and most of them will make exhibits. The pro gramme of the Exposition H Banquets and a tour to and through the Kahleti berge. The Austrian Government lias placed in the Exposition building acorn plete set of the machiner) used by it in manufacturing postage stamps, and will strike off souvenir stamps for every visitor at the Exposition who wishes them. The most valu aide stamp in the Exposition will l»e one of the first series of 1$ küritins. It
1890: England:Germany:~ eighty five,  eighty three [	tjlis groVeyanl haven’t gone to heaven.” I	.
1890: very_for having asked me here ;butOdear, Mr. Skipit—~An old ten-cent piece. I'm !&pd and of the air were preserved along Germany and any other poser he would re
1890: wearing a more genuine air. Poor Mabel,	so much to get a coin with the	year of my	The words of Scripture (continued as they	«~ 0f Germany. This is regarded as a declara-
1890: lie estimated area up to last year being I (;eI1. Von Moltke has put on record his 3,010,000 square miles. It must not be sup- testimony against alcohol, which he says he posed, however, tlrnt our territory is de- never UHes, and thinks unnecessary, and creasing. It is of course impossible with **ets down as “~ one of the greatest enemies such a vast Dominion to give the exact ex- 0f Germany, the misuse of alcohol.” But tent of our country, and it is probable that I he stands manfully by l>eer and wishes that ;is surveys arc made and measurements cor- «« lea, coffee, and light l>cer, could lie made reeled, all the estimates made for some time cheaper than they are. ” For li^ht wine he to come will vary more or less from one jia8 apparently nothing to say. The greatest another. Canadians will 1* satisfied to objection to l»eer, if it l»e not the only one, know that our country consists of one- M tt popular drink, is that people keep at it fourteenth part of the earth, that the Do- aq the time. The quantities that a real nearly thirty times as large as the votary consumes in the day, and especially the United Kingdom, and that | jQ a hot day, are enormous, and the reason
1890: Germany::~The King of Dahomey h.v| sent an am-baHMi.xn to  to engage a band of tirtivi hi* to play, not avt ve, (or his dinner.
1890: “that your attempt against 1 •«~* (-ziir had the effect to throw Russia intr the arms of Germany, and that our diT .«tew fix’ 1870 were almost the immediate w.i^qirtuve of the friendship of those two countries. '
1890: I Within the last few month» an entire change has taken place in the prospect»~ of the world s wheat crop. When wc last referret! to the subject the reports from all quarters were to the effect that in Scotland, England, Ireland and W ale*, and in nearly all Continental countries, the wheat crop would l>e unusually light owing to the long continuance of wet and cold weather, but that in this country, on the contrary, the average yield would at least 1 w so much in excess of that of last year as to make up the deficiency in other countries. We thought, in fact, that this would turn out a purely American farmer»' year, in which they could make hay while the sun shone—if they were not too avaricious and greedy. Now the wheat crops of the world generally have been reaped and garnered, and the results not such as bear out almost any of the predictions formerly made. W et and cold weather certainly prevailed in Britain for a considerable period, during which much damage was done to the wheat and other crops, but recently comparatively go<xl harvest weather has been enjoyed. 'I he result is, that the crop garnered there, or under “~tliack ami raip," is larger than that of last year. In the Dominion the increase in the wheat crop is said to lie equal to 33 per cent., or one tliird more. The wheat crop of Russia is also reported as a third greater than that of last year. In Germany the increase is nearly one-sixth. Then there is a considerable increase in the wheat crops of Switzerland, Belgium and Denmark. On the other hand, according to the present reports the wheat crop of the United States this year, instead of an increase, will lie ten per cent, less than that of last year. In ordinary eases the prospect would h h ired this winter for peoples who cannot raise enough wheat to supply their needs, and depend on imports from this country and elsewhere. No such a fear, however, need be entertained. The Hungarian Minister of Agriculture reporta that his country will this year lie able to ex port as large a quantity of wheat as the United States has usually done hitheito, while Russia, it is said, will lie able to export double its usual quantity. Altogether, it is confidently expected that the wheat yield of the world will this year be
1890: Germany::~house-building, and consists but of two and cursed the sister of Catamaran, or the ed neither scolding lior remonstrance and , full of expectancy, is always on duodecimo apartments, that would open j own brother of IMzelmb, according to yet what it did say affected him far guard. Whether this view of the situation directly into one another save for the inter- circumstances : they all deceived him when worse than his I O U s. His surprise and is correct or not, it is certain that both na vent ion of a little lobby four feet square, an) great ••event*' oame off, and flew in disgust for the moment overwhelmed him | tious have made wonderful progress in the iSmall as these rooms are, however, they the lace of their public running. Ho had a his li;is became pale and pinched, and he development of their armies and that the are furnished	with a certain savage spleu-	marvellous knowledge of the “previous	breathed hard through his set teeth. Then,	campaign of the future w ill assuredly not bo
1890: Germany::~was a whole generation before he followed 11 Yes; though he would have been off  will, at the same time, have at her : “How jolly!” Every article her example), ami how much the dog Billy long ago, had not old Hettinger fallen asleep disposal au armed and trained force of more in the dressing-case on the bedroom table, weighed at the date of his celebrated per three times over the cards."	than 2,500,000 men. The French side of the
1890: Germany::~habit of emoking in bed. The morning is far ourabie to Lieutenant Winthrop, and his This was a reference, in rather plain terms, the line and invade , where strate advanced, yet there belies, a swarthy, hand-	temper had lieen deteriorated accordingly,	to a habit which Lieutenant Winthrop had	gical movements on a large scale are made
1890: Canada:United States:~15, and in Germany lb, and in the United States 39 per thousand. It will thus be that  stands in a favorable position as compared with Great Britain and the .
1890: Germany::~to issue a manifesto calling upon the workmen of  to assist the government in carrying out its socialist policy.
1891: Italy:Spain:~Of the 11,900,000 square miles in Africa the part already divided between France, Great Britain, Germany, the Congo Free State, Portugal, , and  amount» to 7,590,406. If we deduct from the remainder the Khedive’s nominal
1891: Germany::~which is the very thing our client	wishes to	life ; hut a bulldog is not so easily	killed :	jf the letter sought The next letter. A, ap-  has 9,275 breweries in operation,
1891: ‘ Yes yes,” interrupted Richard eagerly iron aws could be unclosed, and made to	------ m --------—~	Germany paid last year
1891: Germany::~' sacred groves of , or at Dodona, or 8UC*‘ M wont to streani through painted in the Himalayan forests. It is there, not glaM’ ^ban such a mighty floor; so that by our own will, but by itself or by a higher one might well have despaired on account Will. There may Iw corruptions, there of the feebleness of the flour, as much as may he antiquated formulas, there may be on Account of the great weight of the sac red writings flung to the wind, but re- waters.
1891: England:Germany:~that filed by Mr. Aylen they strike out ^ re said to be about $120,000,005 in bul the words so objected to. Judgment was jU)n jn the cellars of the lUnk of ; reserved.	| $250,000,000 in the bank of ;
1892: 44 Who a the woman, Bill ?”~.	courting, clerks, shopkeepers, and others of !	f m. n-	That was the bend uv our hovC?n pearl, mere shawls is not Cashmere, but Germany.
1892: Germany::~wrestling	80 M lo (leviee practical remedies as soon as buried in . Wurtemberg'# soldiers shall stay at home for I know no ono else
1892: Germany:Germany:~Frederick of  assumed such pro portions in 1887 that the Berlin specialists were seemingly unable to cone with it, Dr. Mackenzie was requested by the Crown Princess to take charge of the case. His treatment had a beneficial effect and Frederick rallied under it to such an extent that his ultimate recovery seemed assured. In consequence of this triumph the fame of the London doctor became international even ameng laymen, and the Queen knighted him for his services to her royal relative. Later, however, there was a reaction in the case of the Crown Prince, and though he lived long ugh to become Emperor of , he died almost under the nands of the English physician.
1892: Germany::~Mother awoke, but she was not frighten- oil as a fuel in tho ordinary locomotives. Latin, ed for our safety. The rude cabin doors Several of the engines have been supplied %o fewcr than twenty-nine peers died were strong, and the windows were too with oil tanks, and the firemen have the during the past year, or at the rate of more small and high in the walls for a wolf to option of using the oil or the coal as they than two a month, leap through. However, she did not con- think fit. Experience has shown that the ccal from me her anxiety about father. 1 I men prefer the oil. It requires less stok-told her he had probably remained at the ! ing, and produces a steadier body of steam, ettlemeut over night, and that even if he Money is called **sterling liecause in the had not, no wolfe could overtake him skat- time of Richard I. money coined in the ing on the glib ioe.	east of  became, on account of its
1892: England::~Now' and then a wolf detatched himself purity, in especial request lu , and from the main body in the grevé~ and at last was called Easterling money, as the people there were several howling around the of that part of Germany were called Easter-house and sniffing at the doors.	licga
1892: Germany::~Parents cannot name their children just what they please in . By Imperia order Government functionaries are forbidden henceforth to register any infant in a Christian name hearing the slightest relation to politics. Socialiste are very fond of call ing their children Robespierre, Lassalle, Bcbel, Liebknecht, and the like, but Emperor William objects to the practice. So the child’s name must be chosen from the Bible, the Calendar of Saints or from the roll of princes and national heroes.
1892: Germany:Canada:~That was an excellent piece of advice Sir John Thompson gave to Dr. Lander kin in the House the other day. What de we see around us ? We see anarchism in France, lynch law in the United States, famine in Russia, Austria and India, labor troubles in England and Australia, war clouds over  and Turkey, civil war playing havoc in the republics of Latin America ; in short, spring eruptions break iug out almost everywhere, except under the strong and healthy constitution of this  of ours. Why don't the pessi-roests read the papers.
1892: the matrimonial scheme between Lord] “ No, Matthew. To-morrow you will be I kuow, father,” tho youug man added, thc Etching chest should never be used, commended for moral and mental training. Polonius and himself. Had he only recog- stronger. You must not talk or think to- penitently, " I ought not to have been so don't y°» think it will be a pleasure to her 1 .eoPle 1 dnna 8®~ much ,n Germany nised it at the time, he would never have night ”	w	stiff necked. I ought to have written to you	lo g*Vti them to one for whose future there	as 1 ,ey.1,8, t0» HA-V8 «Wmarck. \\ hen a
1892: Germany::~strange and bewildering one, and held mas- or later and he might as well get it " My wife and child, father. Gertrude I	*-------	The Emperor William of , be,id-
1892: À while ago the Sultan engaged an English officer to drill his troops. Thereupon the French Government insisted upon a useless, but very expensive, military commissions composed of I4 reach office: h, being attached to the Sultan’~s army. Then the Spaniards and Italians came in with more officials to burden the Moorish Treasury, and it is expected that before long Germany will demand that her representatives shall also be attached to the Sultan’s military All these officials are really en-cumbrancos, and their occupation is to act the part of spies on each other s actions ; and the world looks on at tho interesting spectacle of everybody playing dog in the manger.
1892: England::~Goods that are Attractive, elties from , Franco Goods that can’t be undersold. | and Germany
1892: Germany::~Luminous figures on street doors to render the number of houses visible at night is the newest patent of an electric company at Berlin, .
1892: Germany:United States:~Over 260,000 canary birds are annually raised in ,, About 100,000 of them find purchasers in the .
1892: Germany::~The body was placed in the coffin and hundred had just sunk out of eight, all The consumption of beer in  in in the genuineness of his assistance, though but every time a sea surged over the vessel the lid screwed down a few hours before the abo,lfc waa a mountainous sea and no land 1891 and 1*92 is 17 per cent, greater than other officers doubted him. Mr. Hare, in their number grew less, some of them hav-time fixed forthe burial. Hor grief stricken v*adde ^rom qu*rter- 1 here were , in 1886, while the population has increased his book, tells how Mrs. Bryne, the mother in g been carried away, lover was permitted to remain a while alone . thirty people in lhe boa i w lien I first | only 4 percent.	of one of the bushrangers, found her way ‘ l,e twenty-three who were saved man-
1892: I The two causes which are credited with I awakening the German people ' to the I necessity of the temperance reform are first, the conviction that beer-drinking is I weakening the moml and physical qualities of the nation, and second, the neces-¦~ sity of turning the beer material into broad. Statistics show that Germany de I votes about a quarter of her productive ...... energy to the liquor traffic, and that th*
1892: Germany::~rib bon % just two feet below the gathers ;	That will cheer you up, and then when	thirty years ago, ) merely turned to the	leathers to  and elsewhere to match	I they °wned the place. So the Doctor began
1892: Germany::~folds just reaching the floor. The effect	will only remember the happiness, you will	straightway lowered over the precipice	well as .—(Trunk and Leather	! effect- For this part of his investigations
1893: Germany::~Official statistics of the cholera epidemic in  last year, and up to its practical disappearance, show that the total number houI quicken and leap to light;	i of deaths from cholera was 8,510. Nine-
1893: pear In the two words. •~* Columbian Expoal- Gallic it, and between Germany and Potion/» 8. Names of places and persons bar-	»	4
1893: Germany::~The drouth remains urdbn ken in . The hay crop if »• complete fail-
1893: Germany::~In the world there are 51,000 breweries, nearly 28,000 of them being in .
1893: usa::give up its thond and one enjoyments for the sake of an invalid’s whim. Her mother offered voluntarily to sacrifié~e herself in the matter ; but Lauraine would not hear of it, and in the end she and Lady Etwynde, under charge of an experienced | courier, set out for Germany and, travail, ing by slow and easy stages, arrived one warm June evening at quaint, pretty Erie-bach.
1893: Britan::the native agriculturist, or the local poet- j then, besides, there was the whole village And ^toe^funerai bier ^***homae* the best known, but that there were sev- these many generations, man with hie jingling bolls has passed some ) depopulated, to make one wonder what sort nia weop* with tho one* bereaved, and eral «~minent men at work in Germany on At all public demonstrations in London spot were a tiger lay in wait watching the of a world it would have been if, os might opemt her hetrt to thorn one and all— the subject, and before another six months expected to attract large numbers of epec-d is tent cattle grazing, or waiting for night ! well have happened, tigers had evolved as A heart that weeps as a mother weep*, and he expected to see a system without over- ta tore, a system of hand signalling will he timeto vleit eome1 thrrsas who La amor- master, of the globe instead of men.	mourns for the son* ehe can ne'er recall head wire, which would prove satisfactory adopted by the police eothat Gy a code
1893: Germany::~must import more than twice as much as __ m____ she usually does. As to , that
1894: France:Germany:~on the part of Germany, According to the ethics of war. everything is fair, li France can find mon of consummate craft, daring enough, aud possessing the requisite technical education, she will not scruple to send them to skulk al>out tho military and naval works of her old enemy, for the purpose cf unravelling their mystery. Young French military students, tired by professional enthusiasm as well a* by patriotism, long tv make a oIofo acquaintance with the triumphs of German military eng The risk adds another element of iveness from the soldier's standpoint. There ns^quoutly plenty of volunteer spies, at the service of . But  •~ unsleeping watchfulness is hard to evade. She ha* many military secrets to guard. So, for that matter, has France, and so havo all tin great armed powers. Tho m aterial, the instruments, and the tactic; of war, as well a* tho plans ot strongholds and tho adopted theory of defence, lose much of their strength when they ,
1894: Germany::~If secrecy bailies curiosity, it oftem etimu* RPg*HWhfii  solved the problem of making smokeless powder, tho ingenuity of French and British chemists was at once turned to experiments for the discovery of the composition of the new explosive,and two or three kinds of smokeless powder resulted. In regard to suoli matters as smokeless powder, long-range rifles, and impenetrable armour plate, if tlie fact of the discovery or invention could be kept secret, it wou si iglc power to monopolize the advantage. Tho mere knowledge that it is possible for a rifle to carry two or three miles, or to make an amalgam that will resist the worst projectiles, is all some scientists want to know. They then have a starting point, from which they will grope their way to a similar discovery. The new Austrian rifle, the Mannlicher, is said to have a range of threo miles, and yet is pronounced by some critics to be inferior to the French rifle, which was the impulse of its invention. Emitting no smoke, and being destructive at so great a distance as to be unheard, in the open country this arm
1894: Germany:France:~to the point of attack. The fact of such an invention as this cannot be kept concealed, and its effect in stimulating inventiveness cannot bo checked, But the details of a defensive system are somewhat different. Their efficiency is not a matter of public report. They canbe kept private, if spies can be excluded aud so long as everybody connected with them proves incorruptible by bribery. But 's military secrete are made a burden to her by the prying disposition of Franc*. She hopes that  wdl bargain for the freeing of the two prisoners by promising to send no more spies.	_______
1894: Germany::~to Dr. Oliver WendeP. Holmes not long ago there if she is kf avoid attack. He believes propounding four questions which are often that to crush Britain would be to send asked of public men, and the distinguished British commerce largely to , and poet’~s answers are not without interest for thus to produce an eilecfc that France, for their conciseness	instance, would not relish ; but he fears
1894: Germany::~A you care to	write	I will	spend another winter alone, and then	an , he travelled incoimito ir> the	^or the general satisfaction of all, appears	"Hie sores on and abont fetlock joint.
1894: Germany:France:~So, too, the au Allows are now in r lorids temptations thrown m their way by sn ex* I takes iname from Swit/rr unulf and southward, and the purple martini are oellent chef, the fatal fruits and liqueurs, where it is supposed to have originated, in Mexico, but just where our little chim- aj| toward their ruin. And after din- but as a matter of fact it is now made largely ncy swift	ner it 1B quite on the cards that a belated in , in  and in New Jersey.
1894: In connection with the very general impression that we ars on the eve of a financial and commercial revival the kail mug geste that the Kuropean war cloud à~ responsible la large measure for this feeling. Owing to the intimate financial relations between all civilized nations, this trouble reacts upon us on this side of the Atlantic. It is France that will M cry havoc and let slip the doge of war” if the cloud bare! over burope. But there are certain consul «~rations which cannot fail to influence French financiers, military authorities, and statesmen. The treaty of commerce between Germany and Russia cold-watering the hopes of the French war party shows French statesmen that the Czar does not intend to act as the catepaw of France to pull the Alsace and Lorraine chestnuts out of the fire ; and without Russian help France will not stir. There are also other reasons which intelligent end sober-minded Frenchmen understand the meaning of, and which incline them to shun as they would the plague. One important fact is, that if Oernumy borrowed all that was required for purposes, it would be several years before its national debt squalled that of France. But if France similarly borrowed, it would, by the same time, owe more than twice is much as England did in 1815, after waging 21 years' war. The French national debt when Napoleon was first dethroned (1814), was about £60,000,000, but under the Third Republic it has increased by leaps and bounds, and it is now £1,288,000,000—~nearly twice as great as that of England. Its annual taxation-excluding local taxation—is now, not count ing resident foreigners, about £~3 9s. 101. or at our Custom-house rate, $17 per head. Taxation in Germany is about £~2 14s. 9d., or $13.52 per head. The debt of Germany, adding the Imperial debt to those of the separate States—after deducting some cash in hand from the French war indemnity— is about £520,000,000. Thus the 50 millions of Germa > y do not owe one-half what the 37 millions of Frenchmen do. Therefore if they borrowed annually the enormous sum of £~250,000,000 to wage s life and-death struggle it would be three before their debt equalled that of But if France borrowed at the same rate her debt by that time would amount to 2,038 millions sterling, almost three times that of England.
1894: Germany::~is hard to say just what his attitude is on	w	-,	them that if  waged a defensive
1894: Germany::~The wages paid to weavers and those engaged in the textile industries in  extremely low. The condition of this class is, indeed, almost hopeless. I>ong hours in ill ventilated and close quarter! and a minimum allowance of the plainest food have so reduced the majority of Artie-ans as to make them physically incapable of outdoor work of any kind. Tlie usual fare fora weaver is a breakfast of thin coffee with dry bread broken in it. Dinner __ ta toes, potato soup, or meal soup, with dry bread. For supper there is either thin coffee with dry bread, or soup. Meat is purchased in small qv ii itiee Sundays and holidays by the better paid j for the great mass it is a luxury beyond reach. The character of the food never varies from year to year ; winter and summer it is always the same.
1894: Germany::~smeadment requiring the prosecutors ed that in the extraction of nickel from isnder its provision to deposit $1,000 as the matter a very valuable constituent ia jtcurity for the costs of the court. There lost, and the American Government sent are not many people interested to the ex an expert metallurgist to , whore taut of $1,000 in punishing a bribe taker, for six months he studied the processes
1894: Germany::~naoer folded twiee-lhat is into three sec A merchant in  has been fined W Then ..ok p’.yer draw. . pioter. he.Tily for u.ing .quotation from the B.bl.
1894: who draws a body for yv1 "™~/*\ "1 Germany, which was 1,504 in 1881, had increased at the beginning of the present year to 03,558.
1894: Germany::~Mr. William Walter Phelps, ex-Minister of the Unite! States to Austria, and later to , died at his home at Tea Nook, N.J., Saturday morning at 2 o'clock. His ailment originated from typhoid fever.
1894: Germany:United States:~There are suspicious craft in the Behring Sea, flying the flags of  and Norway, and orders have been issued to the  fleet to arrest them if they attempt to catch seals. This may lead to international trouble.
1894: England:Germany:~It is reported that Emperor William charges the English Government with duplicity, and has informed Sir Edward Malet, the British Ambassador at Berlin, that  will have to thank herself if henceforth he should reverse the friendly poliov ot  and return to Prince Bismarck’s distrust of everything English. It is maid that Sir Edward Malet has tendered his resignation.
1894: Germany::~A despatch from Kiel, , to the European edition of the New York Herald dated July 30th mays tion in thonouth region of the terminator of Mar# was observed by M. Javelle at the Nice observatory on July 28.
1894: Russia:France:~idea of self importance is excited, no matter I world could not contain them if they were how sweet and amiable she may be, the ! made, says the Pall Mall Gazette. In excessive praise will have done its work , for instance, people may not wed and he will gradually begin to regard her as a fourth time nor after they are 80 years not quite so pleasant an associate ae some 1 old, which strikes us as hard lines on the other woman who is less ready to minister i maiden ol bashful 80 whose heart has at to hie vanity. A little judicious compli- last found a resting place. As to divorce, ment may be necessary to keep the in  you may split the knot by call-lordly creature in good humor, as ing your wife “~canaille" before her children, it is a sort ol mental stimulus to or by contradicting her wishes when she his abnormal egotism, but it should wants a theatrical engagement, or by ill-not be overdone or the fellow will begin to | treating your mother-in-law. In Germany think that he owns all woman kind and i and Roumanie insuperable aversion h ought to have a harem. But it is partie- enough, and in Massachusettsior Mississippi ularly with regard to her own sex in this you have only to take to opium or a simi-connection that women should be careful lar drug. Would tobacco do we wonder? It will not serve her purpose to try to | In Portugal it your wife publishes literary
1894: Germany::~The forest land owned by the State is in  33 ne
1894: Germany::~Women working in  rarely receive more than 10# a week.
1894: France:Germany:~In Russia people may not wed a fourth time, nor after they are 80 years old. In  the wife whose husband objects seriously to her going on the stage makes herself liable to divorce by persisting in her artistic desire. In  and Roumania "insuperable aversion * is enough. In Portugal, if the wife publishes ary works without the husband's con. the law frees him at once.
1894: Germany::~Emperor William of  fills a moat A Brmarkable rare ef ( oaiamptlaa la useful position in society to day. But for II* La»l Bla*ee-ls This On e Bread his guileless and frank expressions of	Disease l oaqaered ? liupenaai Feels
1894: Germany::~Thus holds William of  and iUge when I knew of absolutely nothing maintains his claim to a divine right to rule else which could save the patient’~s with an iron hand. Outside of Germany Ufe. The test was a most severe one men ridicule his middle ages arrogance,and ànd 1 must also admit an unfair one, as marvel that the wonderful intellectual the patient was so far gone as to make German nation should rest so quiet beneath hope of recovery seem impossible. A his mailed heel. But the protest in Ger- very short time, however, convinced me of many, though not noisy, is widespread and the value of Pink Pills. Although only significant. 1 weuty-tive years ago on the using an ordinary soothing cough mixture 8th of last August the revolt of the people along with the pills, within a week the agsinst absolutism was expressed in the symptoms had abated eo much that it was foundation of a new political party—the no longer necessary for me to make daily social democrats. From its infinitesimal calls. Recovery was so rapid that within beginnings it has grown, despite persistent * month Miss Koester was able to drive to persecution on the part of the government, my office, a distance of about six miles, and until to-day it is numerically the strongest was feeling reasonably well, except for party in the empire. Feudalism in the weakness. The expectoration had ceased, palace it pitted against socialism among the the cough was gone and the breathing in people. While the emperor preaches the | the diseased lung was being restored. The divine right of kings the subjects read use of the Pink Pills was continued until Ferdinand Laeealle. It is a contest of in the end of October, when she ceased to tellect—per haps unwisely directed—against take the medicine, arrogant superstition. The history of world since the thirteenth century leaves no doubt ae to the issue of the struggle.
1894: Germany::~It is estimated that the emperor of  has traveled 18,750 miles during the past year.
1895: Germany::~SHOULD TAKE , *!> #W to day  is ÿiorou-1, A Frr,#4 #f B,e,reei A*a,e-	_0_
1895: Germany:France:~Owing to existing treaties between Great Britain and Austria, and Great Britain and the German Zollverein, Canada has now to give to Austria and  the same tariff concessions as she has agreed to give to . This is the additional legislation that is necessary before the French treaty can go into force.
1895: England::~A Canadian in London writes that af fairs in  are dull because everything comes from abroad. “Cassels are tven now issuing a book 'Printed in Hoi •and,’and Bibles from the Oxford press have a little note, ‘~Printed in Germany.’~ When an Englishman gets up he break fasts on eggs from Holland, Danish but-Vient a bread—~made by German v01 knien of American flour. For lunch he has nice German, Dutch, or American theese, perhaps an Ostend rabbit, and fot dinner Australian beef or mutton, potatoes from Holland and greens from Jersey, and American canned fruits. In
1895: Germany::~as much of him fortune m and some year* ago dispersed the Hamilton Palace collection, one of the moet magnificent pi irate collection# in the world, to meet hie extravagant expenditures. The famous Beck ford Library, indeed, went to .
1895: France:Germany:~siauces. A dose of croton oil was taken by fell during the war between  aud Mr. Tarte, prescribed by Dr. 8u Germain, , and immediately aftewards the patient commenced to suffer the must excruciating agony. The local physicians were puzzled, and Dr. Beausoleil was summoned from Montreal, but he arrived too late to save i he patient.
1895: Germany::~The fatigues which the Empress of  endured at the Kiel festivities have lted in increasing the delicate condition of her health.
1895: Germany::~Austnafdo	;	what	will	 do »	Can	10 Mr* Verity's absence was always inclined	ment could safely imitate what has been	when going out at night.
1895: Germany::~and  are the more prosperous by Among the glorious results which, ac-reason of increased exportations, even if cording to our Free Trade friends, are to as a result there is a alight decrease in the be attained, by “Free Trade as it is in coat of goods at home
1895: «~a or Baden, a granddaughter of About the coffin in which rested the on stormy days. Yearlings and dry I The commonest deformity of the foot | tor who neglects to be in time for meals, famous old William I. of Germany, and body of the fireman sat a silent group cows are P!en “SB exercise. Of | among criminals to this tendency to- or thoroughly air her sleeping apart-
1895: »s yet.	I ••Whv Hn.i h. iu in Ih.f „„i. P1**- “~rly vsrietiea will be found most actoristic of some aquatic mammals, the visitor who fails to pay in some subCROWN PRINCE OF GERMANY box 1" "	ug y d ofiu,)le for the rnaaon that early var- ***®Pl'- ^r-„^ei‘ta.regardT H.tan'iiai wa* a"X unusual service ren-
1896: tered Turkey m Europe and crowd fhê~ while Germany was also extremely jeal- ; ure of many of the special taxes. Judged should not be necessary ; but doubtless boundaries of Armenia? By the beam- iS^au growth of Russian power in by American eyes some of these special in northern latitudes frozen combs still
1896: London. Feb. 2.—~The Observer claims to have authority for the statement that Germany recently invited Russia and other powers to co-operate with her in a plan hostile to the British occupation of Egypt, tvueeia refused to accept the proposal.
1896: :•! ii r tura.	cartridges m his bolt, and his smooth- .	lS°~'111 1 wing him now V	asked	Au-	authority, are only wanted as	soil iq>-	tcrest in the Seibels asiate in Germany.
1896: Germany::~enmity to , which the me ini* ^ Hamilton City Council on Monday men is one of confident ana assured ex- ally, since 1 saw gravely and signifi- .cleaning away the ruina. I he men lapse of time cannot fail to produce»,	.	.	„	A	Tnmrikln* pectancy. The iron trade is rather an cunt ly riding along as the vassal friends worked with feverish buste, hurling
1896: Germany::~auarrel, resulting in Mr. Ritchie's I and Li Hung Chang have resulted in leath about 24 hours later.	the acquisition by  of a coal-
1896: titled “~ Made in Germany, ” has been al,° d,rec ed. att*nt*?n ‘°~ ,mPortant $oc-widely read in England, but ,late,men of «mente relating to the boundary which
1896: Germany::Parliamentary enquiry into this phase of the subject. That is certainly one cause, but protection and reciprocity lie at the bottom of ’~s raids upon British trade. Prosperous Germany has borrowed American policies, and persevered in them, while the United States has been discrediting them and inviting commercial -disaster.
1896: Germany::~peranee movement, the question to be Even in  the pomilaritv of	in all directions by excellent asphalt	Kuro^e,	had led to a rapidity in	jn &tx)ut four hours the wood was
1896: Germany:England:~Mr. Beaugrand who prides himself as being an anti British Frenchman, tributes an item to La Patrie in which he dwells glvt fully upon the flouts that England has received of late from the United States,  and the world in general. It is quite true that , being a commercial nation, seeks to avoid war ; but it is by virtue of this very fact that she is the torch bearer of civilization. The jeal. ousy
1897: Germany::~The Imperial Bank of  baa
1897: “ Two points on de start>oard l>ow, earn and earnest tone; “~rather look I ^rA,l<>ns. conducted wit h a view chief- Germany s fifteen laigest landholders cje	meet striking thing about
1897: Germany::~you will just step outside the door for men ta in , however, seem to little while I will be much obliged show that Uie (binger__reS!_? anaea..m ou.”
1897: Germany::~solved in . The familiar olr- bed without JciUuiff th* °*(* Ulin f of regular eea-robbers were given up. their souls.	.	^eri_	cma trick is, ns a matter of fact, showy "He wake an* make noise. Juah no with .lush, to the authorities, and ten
1897: Germany::~notioe of a claim asking fJO.WH) dam-	throughout , causing	ing roused, the exhumation	of	the	first
1897: tiomsts—a «~light gain for the latter. exporta to Germany were never large A doctored franchise list, and the active and have increased very little during the support of the Government at Ottawa, past forty years. Even if Germany
1897: England:England:~ing that in 1895, Germany's exports to  amounted to 19 per cent, of her total exports, while her imports from  amounted to 131-2 per cent, of her total imports.	1
1897: Germany::~thought It best to come down from its position by degrees. First Belgium and  were recognized as entitled to the same tariff treatment as Great Brit-
1897: Germany::~November.	 is earnestly
1897: Germany::~The Right Hon. Robert Richard War- R,,run to hold a national festival in ren. president of the Probate and Mat- honour of the late Emperor Frederick rimonial division of the High Court of ml October 18. All  is. likely Justice, Ireland, is dead. He w as eighty participate.
1897: Germany::~in  as anywhere, even in the
1897: Germany::~At Luchow. in . 129 father#
1898: Germany::~Railroad traffic in  has in-1 anterior, comprising the toes and their
1898: Germany::~Emperor William of  was 39 I tlac county who has weak kidneys, pain In 1 difficulty with my Castor Blues.*’ years of age on Friday last. The event I the back, disturbed sleep at night, broken j|ie Lieutenant Governor then pro-was pretty generally celebrated through - | down health ; or bloodless looking women I 014e(jB t0 reproach Mr. Tarte, yet he does out the German empire.	ami girls ? If so, they should give this cele-1 |t very tenderly, for declaring at St.
1898: Germany::~against , and makes an offen-
1898: Germany::~In war times the number of fighter# that each nation would put into the field would multiply in some instances by two the forces quoted nliove. Thus. a million men would have to be added to 's army if
1898: •~Early	Bom*'	now	sold	are	of compura-, mt* rfeied. with.	it	Mill	le	to	(.rent	am| sixes, while Germany posse ses on-	to lie done on the inner side
1898: France:Germany:~I brought to a sudden close, for war should  join , for in | beating it well on Itoth sides and re-1 In none of the battles mentioned
1898: Germany::~of 673 shijis to join those of .	; spots as previously desert tied, apply	the future this terrible agent	of de-
1898: lu S. (>r more i i can »~ spn a-t, a Great Britain, and for Germany, A us- would result from such a combination on a line and lieat with a rattan, etc., fairs, is apt to be very much like that each intersection, in either of two ways tria and Italy to he forced into	i of forces as that suggested that makes j then lay them on aflat, surface and f tû.. xr_ llliv. _ ‘ |v, ua	•„
1898: Germany::~a <reim-ntliiUM fighting men pitted against each other er far tletter, sight at present. 's stujwnd- ! hut- the flower of the manhood of na- Straw mattings take the place of car-
1898: France:Germany:~What frightful scenes would result from a general war such as that suggested. should  Join forces with 's millions and swell her fighting strength by putting over 2,000,000
1898: Germany:Italy:~m* on, anil	so on. until bo was in the	ami thriving, demeaning herself as a	Hussia 10,  3.  3 the	Cadency of the Indian army, la the
1898: Germany:Italy:~tune.	by the domestic animale of Combe Mo-	, ranoe 90 Kuasia 3,  7, 	lxe ,,fri< l‘rs an« troop* under them
1898: loosing !”~	1 turn to Helen lying at my side or ltUHSIa Germany 11, the United reduce to a minimum the distine- Dm t let a but day go by without
1898: all. the burly, bearded " Antelope " at ,1U ™~ the po|*\ as a temple N>p the Or- I * r* ,lce IV. Kuttsia 1, Germany 2, Italy brain power to tlu* invention of n ser- a 6ljirt tbat requires no vest ; wide the wheel, pointing with great fore- <ler of Malta Knights of the Hospital- I 7\r	#	J11,” ‘s.latPS 1 »~ud Japan C. of more or less obnoxious " improve- [rousrsof some thin whitish material)
1898: England::~at least $1.000,000 ; in  he must of Burmah, gave his weight in gold to lt doftsn 1 matter to eom<l 111811 "he‘~ have five times an much, or $5.000,000 ; | the walls of the pagoda, an offering ther they ride in a carriage or a patrol in Germany. 1,000,000 marks, or $260,000. worth £9,000 sterling.	wagon.
1898: not slippery; and if it has a very un- ln I'n8}and "°~d Germany, and is em-pleasont odor when cooking it is unfit P|oyed ,ln making coverings for cables, for use.	insulating plates, floor coverings, wo-
1898: Germany::~goods have to pay higher duties than British,  imposes a higher duty on Canadian than on American grain, amounting to 9 cents a bushel
1898: Germany::~shipped to . The Laurier tariff '"to account exports and imports, in
1898: Germany:Holland:~The Grand Calumet Mining Company is shipping large quantities of galena to Europe. Mr. R. VV.Reseeroan informed a Journal reporter that twelve car loads containing over 300 tons of galena will be shipped to Hamburg, , on Monday. The Antwerp () smelters have ordered 8,000 tone of galena from the Grand Calumet company and other European older# are coining in. A boom in galena mining in the Ottawa valley is look ed for, as the deposits are high grade and extensive.
1898: Germany:England:~writotoall parties interested in the open- while another brother manages a large ing of the side line between lot# 7 and 8, paper mill in . In addition to from Main street back to the 7th line and the unlimited demand for wood pulp In that said line be opened up as a public 1 , a profitable trade can be done road on Monday, the 18th of October, and in shipping sulphite fibre to the United
1898: Germany::~The Emperor and Empress of  who are at present on an extended tour of The 41 Holy Land, " are being received with great pomp and ceremony everywhere by the Turkish officials.
1898: Germany:Russia:~When the question it thus enlarged, France will not be alone in its discussion with the Marquis of Salisbury, Egypt interests all the powers. Russia has promised M. Delcasre its most effective assistance, and besides  has the biggest interest, in view of her east African possessions and trade n the far east, that the Suez canal should not become exilu-eively British and is disposed to support Fra neo-n arguments for a définit-settlement of the Egyptian que*
1899: Germany::~Kmpcr >r William of , colubrat-vd hts 40ih birthday on Friday last.
1899: Germany::~The Government has undertaken i remarkable experiment in taxation ie a bill compelling the large shops to contribute a larger proportion than the small ones to 's revenue
1899: Germany::~In  the man must be eigh- thought incurable. By some natuia-	owing to a w« und he received in her eyes, and, with a smile of delight
1899: I his, with a lot .1 picture mmndiiig IJJ ^ { sweetheart still;	aged farmer’~s life close on a farm tbit the other day by a thief in Germany.	Presbyterian churches of Humtime ago, when it was discontinued. ,	msidcrobte oatiem^ ' Whose voice, as of old. can charm him; has been his lifelong home and has Disguising himself as a lady, and , phrey and Logan in the Stmt ford
1899: Germany::~expert dancer could make in a giv-and, in order to decide the If a maid in  falls sick her ,tier definitely, it was arranged to
1899: Russia::It was ’~s turn some years later to seek a similar privilege, but crowded Britain and Germany. Great this, too, was denied, although the at- Britain has a new route to India ; Ger-tempt to hide the real purpose of cut- many has room for more colonists, and ting England out was cloaked by the both may cry to Russia, " Chech mate!" pretence that the road would run from H the question now be asked, "What Tripoli to the gulf and connect with can the land produce ?” the answer Bagdad by a branch road, But the might be given, ‘ Everything,” for the Porte feared to give the Bear a foot- climates of the different parts of Asia hold in Asia Minor, and the project Minor and Mesopotamia are so differ-was dismissed.	ent that almost anything that grow#
1899: Germany::~At last  succeeded in doing anywhere can be raised successfully what all of the other Powers had fail- somewhere in this broad domain. It if e<l to accomplish. In October, 1888. the railway that will bring the needed the German Bank concluded an ar- energy to make the whole land blos-rangemeats with the Turkish Minister of Internal Affairs, by which it undertook to build a railway from a to have drawn his wealth from the
1899: Germany::~means much for both Great Britain and . To Great Britain it means a new and short route to India,
1899: Russia:Germany:~as of  that a volume on subject, which has just been published in , is bound to unusual interest
1899: Germany::~you had better tell it to This austere individual waited in bravely ; * you want Mark; you want rights of  and of Portugal me now, as I have business that will aoltvmti silence and a rather menacing I 1 v )est , t)w * ever breathed ; you us W6n ua 0[ Boer Republics take me to town early to-morrow morn- attitude fur Mrs. Chatteris' first re- ".'[l	11,1 Ia,ber or y ou r hoy.
1899: eludes Egypt, Oudemirde, Malpla- ™K to the lo8a re:‘«««~able type of mm quel. Delungcn. Lmcelles, Ta lavera, tress. What would she think if it were Birrosa, the Peninsula, Waterloo, necessary for her, as it apparently is Alma, lukermau, Sevastopol, Egypt, in Germany, before taking a place as
1900: Germany::~into hie neat new residence, just finished liue KitMur has received from  © by Messrs. MeCrtdie A tiodtuns, Main photos of the remaining members of the St., east.	I Buunnan family—father, mother, mister
1900: usa:Germany:~Thonds of persons in  live literally "on straw,” making it up into blankets, panniers, boxes, kni knacks, hats, bonnet , etc. Professional schools have even hern founded where the trade is taught in all its varieties.
1900: Germany::~year. At 70 John ltuskin was as very geldum does it.	few degrees above freezing, having a ( rigueur in  for daily life
1900: France:Germany:~youth for he opportunuies that tar- Hent the appearance of having been	d^sires. When	she gels hick to her	growing irritation, and at last jumped , , Belgium and Am-
1900: Germany::~Obedience to orders Issued from the  i	_ 4	_ r
1900: Germany::~rascals ! Come on, ye fighting villian.il1 come from  and the latter	^
1900: United States:France:~spirituous liquors mtatemeut is, indeed, partially true. The annual consumption per capita in Great Britain is about thirty-one gallons, in Germany twenty-seven gallons, in the  thirteen gallons, and in  five and one-half gallons. But the French people consume more spirits per inhabitant than any of the other countries. The
1900: Germany::~disastrous conflict with  has been forgotten, the memory of the and whalebone abomination
1900: land or among English/ surroundings How solemn the Fitz-Smiths look. Curfew sba’~l Not Ring To N ght, in Germany, is as indifferent as her [ believe they've b id a quarrel.	answered Mr. Blykins with a prompt-
1900: Germany::~of , guards the fruit in her gardens with a jealous eye, not a 1-I 0,1,1 <>£ tb« Irish Fusiliers, who was lowing even the "wind falls" to be lJl€ first to set matters right, and to thrown away. Her fruit and vege- b,wk ]M>lite calm, lie saw Gen. tables are often mold, and the thalers I Wbite JUAL d*s h<> iuid ridden past him thus acquired added—not to her pin
1900: Germany::~The Emperor William of  will not spend a penny more than he can help on walking sticks—in fact, he picks out the cheapest he can find And as for umbrellas, he never possessed one ; they are his pet aversion.
1900: Germany::~bee n .simply destroying the whole pup-uLti.wi of the Bhil country. Suffer-I ich, , reports that a syudi-ing there reached an acute form so cate has just been farm**d under the Long ago as November last, and ever j auspices of the Bank of Darmstadt, to
1900: Germany::~Of the Middle Ages, the Vehingericht Tribunal, with its head-quarters in , is vividly dealt with by
1900: Germany::~A rattling  were a sturdy lot of men,
1900: Germany::~tingent here. an:l its ranks are filled arriving from  include some
1900: Germany::~taste. Emperor William, of , says this palmist, has a very delicate hand, yet the thumb is too short and the nail is flat and colorless—a
1900: Germany:France:~the teaching of languages is begun  and . The C '!)8 field I * " ^	dltn°uU to «et
1900: Germany::~sysiem nlong the linns of , fxut have
1900: Germany::~we applied , the school to tmrk out our problem* as  6 i"B done. " The German Empire intbexistence li) the* lifetime of the date Prince Bismaridt and the leaders
1900: Germany::~g up h r eu s to conquer ! prient of them, the difficulties surrounding her.  wanted armament
1900: Germany::~A correspondent of the Chicago Record, I A despatch to the Standard from Pre-1 u Four hundred men were despatched Wolfgang Foltz, writing from Bremen, toria dated Nov. 25, says it is reported from Eden burg to relieve Dew etsdorp, , Nov. 15, says	| that the Boers propose to strike again at but they did not succeed in reaching there
1901: and public announce- founded In 489 by Anulphus Hunulp-was not made bus Guelph, Lho first of the north-©~irthei in Germany or England till jC5ru Kings of Italy, the close of the year.
1901: Germany::~tering place of Sidmouth, in Devon-	j!lg up in . Prince Albert	hex hand, but she did not speak to	The marriage book place cm February	Saioay‘ One u£ the GueJphs, William,	aMe tulU‘fM- ,n fact* °ur ‘wheel seem
1901: Germany:Germany:~A writer describing the methods of schools in , states that the manual training schools in  'First, ro ike vour hen or poultry are especially intended for the class
1901: Alice, Csirina A liguâ~t e of Germany paror William ; 4, Victoria Adelaide,
1901: Germany::~Dowager Empress of , eldest VII. and Queen Alexander 4 crowns daughter of Queen Victoria. Princess will bo used. The chief one, known Uoyul 0f Great Britain; 5, Mary of I held my precious captive aa Queen Victoria1* crown, will the Tpck princesa of Wales, formerly in my h ind By this tin... an- Qne aohmlly in tho ceremony of	0f York ; 0, Louise Victoria,
1901: Germany::~man gave half a scvoroign m chanty ^ ring of ]^vvara the Confessor. Dowager Empress of  ; 10, That unruly member, tho tongue ol
1901: Germany::~buttered paper The fire should be Tho Emperor William of  attended to before the mixing be- haa a v powerfui hand, which he gins that the cake need not wait a Kema to have inherited from his fa-minutc for the oven. Many other- thor rather than his mother. It has wise good cakes are ruined by been described waiting for the oven to heat. To
1901: Germany::~stairs to bed.	, when His Majesty, whose
1901: Germany:Japan:~under one guise or another, acquire territory also, what ground have we for believing that  and  will not follow the cedents thus established?
1901: Germany::~Britain First With 50 Per Cent.,  Next With 16.
1901: Germany::~Nineteen Hags have their separate columns, though ships of all these nations do not appear in every year of the series from 1870 to 1900. LI rent Britain started with and has maintained ft vast preponderance in the gross tonnage of ships passing through the canal. Last year she headed the list, with 5(1.7 per cent. , which comes next, having only 15 per cent. During the last dorado t here have boon considerable fluctuations in the British totals, and the year 1891 still remains the high water mark, with 9,484,508 tons, against 7,771,345 for last
1901: All our Fall Garments—~imported direct from Berlin, Germany-ars now open for inspection.
1901: pense of the English Government, where he was employed not in the French police, but In learning tho language colloquially as a clerk in a •~rat. Afterward he joined the French detective service to study its methods, and is as well known In all the great French cities as ho is in London. Others of his men went through the same course. Melville in turn went to Germany and picked up knowledge of German and German criminals at the same time.
1901: Germany::~The Crown Prince of , through his agents, made this offer, which Is tho last, as well as the biggest. Mr. Wright estimates that if he had been able to take all the various offers put together, the sum would reach nearly $10,600,000, and he Is fond or describing himself as "the $1,500-a-yeur millionaire." Ho f* absolutely Impervious to any offer from any source, and lias entailed the plate most strictly. It is not shown, as a rule, except by special arrangement; but anybody can see it by introduction. This collection came into the owner's family on the death of the last Lord Wentworth, and ho# no equal in any museum or private collection in Europe.
1901: Germany::~In  last year wore tourist's pictorial cards.
1902: Germany::~that the resting places of the honor- I  seems to be paying a he*-They are stripped naked, with the 6(1 (lcad may bo kept sacred forever/' vy price for its rise into a worldriding *n seventy-nine separate and distinct I power. Travellers have noted for a National cemeteries the bodies of
1902: Germany::~foot wide which Is so closely set with afflicted with a peculiar defect of vi ]w'tth yellow silks and gold embrold- Kat0 ot destruction	fairly staggers	cnn any one (,f you 1611 me ,hc namcs	 every year.	Tho university
1902: Germany::~Another subject of alarm is the spread of intemperance. Tho com-belief that  1» saved from the grosser forms of drunken-by its excellent beer end light
1902: Germany::~stand against Fruhschoppen, the morning drinking, but with little cfA Puritan movement in  may scorn strange, hut a great ils many putrlolic OermUns nw	>us-
1902: Germany:Russia:~ly lessened in . Moreover, there exists only one univeisity lor women in , and that is in St.
1902: Germany::~T\o KalNor Wilhelm canal, which connects tho Baltic and North Sea through , Is 61 miles In length, 29& foot in depth, 72 foot wide at the bottom, 190 fc<«t wide at tho surface and cost about $40,000,000. Tho number of vessels
1902: Germany::~nu from two three-penny pieces.	I could not have raised iny arms to	Lugspitze,	in	,	which	lying
1902: Germany::~The Emperor William of  owns 260 farms.
1902: England:Germany:~to those who	use them.	 and  long before	of the first	in America to introduce	BlflCk.	Mixed find GroOM#
1902: Germany:Japan:~subscription, not but in  and Uol-As for the solvency of .
1902: once	received £~5,000 for going	to	a	'rhen there	were black	days, but this	10	my	family	for	years,	and	for	Germany	12	is	the limit	of responsi- | thing In	Wu*if #r ti«ucal imirdeicBt*.
1902: now at me Highest point in the itisroiy of the country and tiie average uf the c’a*»~ of people cuiuing Lure id legarded by 80me of the officials as the lewis'. Counting the immigrait* on board s'e unships due to arrive today and tom rrow. the immigration for the mo.ith will reach the record-breaking total of 88,500. In May of 1803 the previous record-breaking month 73,000 people came in o the country in the steerage of Atlantic liners. The bulk of the immigration is from Southern and Southeastern Europe. Immigration from Ireland, Germany. Norway, Sweden and Denmark has fallen off greatly. Seventy per cent of the immigrants now coming in are from llusiia, Austria-Hungary and Italy. Most of these are non-producers. The immigration authonties say the great rush of aliens is duo to the commercial prospsrly of this country and industrial stagnation in nearly every European country.
1902: Germany::~posed higher seule advocated by I academics in , large rooms ¦¦¦¦¦Agsegi™™™™™* g tyivc been set aside for the purpose
1902: Germany::~official despatches*from the seat of would prove a constant preventive, war, and which were not originally When the plague was happily stuy-nomic crisis through which  I recorded on the mape. This noces- ed, the virtues of tobacco began to has been passing, and from which it | earlly entails an infinitude of be investigated ; it was found that
1902: Germany:France:~ence should go hand in hand with colonization in tho development of new countries, and often it should be the pioneer. Sir Harry Johnston avers that the , British Government might have saved as much as $2,600,000 in the construction of Uganda railway if it had previously expended $100,000 fn enabling men of science to investigate tho ology, climatology, botany and other scientific aspects of the region.  and  have shown an appreciation of the great utility of such Investigations in the settlement and exploitation of their colonial possessions. Every day the practical value of branches of science commonly regarded as almost purely intellectual in their claims to attention is being demonstrated.
1902: Germany::~Sir Charles Dilke is an excellent exponent of the foils. In his younger days, though even then he passed his fiftieth year, he defeated j 000 by tho improvement, several of the most, celebrated fen- | Mr. J. K. Starley, the inventor of cerf of Paris, who expressed them- ! the safety bicycle, who died the selves astounded .at the lightning other day, and who began life rapidity with which lie could change ordinary laborer, left $235,835. A the foil from hand to hand. For working brick-maker named Klootz the last thirty years thc baronet has started the new artificial stone in-devoted an hour a day to this riustry of , which has wit libra nch of sport. He is also & in the last eighteen months made splendid oarsmen and a fearless rid- such vast strides forward that the cr. Strangely enough, he has rath- lucky originator of the idea is in cr a contempt for cricket, foot- ceipt of nn income of $10,000 a ball, and tennis.	month.
1902: Germany:usa:~the four long avenues which stretch 11 1S believed that V ranee was protestant Reformed religion cs-from Buckingham Palace to Spring beaten by  in 18.0, purely tablislied bv the law Gardens, for it was in this park	through the inexcble ignorance of
1902: Germany:Russia:~And the park is little changed since those brilliant days. Rosamond's Pond has boon filled in; tho menagerie and the cages in Birdcage walk have disappeared; Duck Island, over which St. Evremond wa.< . unpointed guardian by Charles II., has been obliterated; the statue of tho gladiator which stood by the parade France has one soldier to every 59 I at the cast end of the canal, has inhabitants;  one to 89; been removed to Windsor Castle; the  one to 184; while Britain’s | canal has been turned into an ornamental water, according to more
1902: One more instance where quick of the area of his native land, com- ing under a chronic delusion. You thought saved valuable property prising 3,653,000 square miles, or are living in a fool's paradise. Your from fire is wortff recording. It was nearly one-twelfth of the land area condition is positively appalling, at Lynn, where Messrr. Jermyn and of the world, and, excluding Alaska. Why, you are suffering from a mal-Poony’~s shop caught fire during a larger than the United States. It ady which is absolutely fatal, if long sharp frost tho winter before last, extends over twenty degrees of lati- protracted. Perspiration practical-Early one snowy morning a passing tude, equal to the distance from iy keeps you alive. If you didn't constable saw U10 fire and blew, him Constantinople to the North Pole, perspire your pores arc in a deplor-w his tie. Several other policemen Twenty-eight United Kingdoms, sev- able condition, and you are on the oame to his aid. But the pipes were entecn Germany», eighteen French sure road to palpitation, heart-frozen, and no water could be ob- Republics, twenty Spains and thirty- troubles, nervous diseases, and lung tallied. Something had to be done, three ltalys could be accommodated ailments of tho worst, description. One of the bystanders shouted : within Its borders, or three British if you don’t perspire, externally you "Let’~s snowball it l" A regular Indian, or the whole Australian do so internally. Beware when you bombardment began, and within a Commonwealth. Canada forms one- are in such a condition?" quarter of an hour the blaze was third of the whole British Empire. "They say that your finger nails completely smothered with snow and Two Switzerland», says The Leisure are a sure indication of the state of extinguished.	Hour, could be sunk in Lake Su- health you are in. Now, mine arc
1902: Mich ; Mabel Richard, Traverse. City,	i>«~ and 34 injueid.	Ssssnitz and Kolberg, Germany, a die-
1902: Germany::~he care for pomp cousin of . He
1902: Germany::~In  a “man," in order to marry must be at least 12 years of age Portugal a boy of 14 is considered nm riigetble and a “w-unen of twelve. Greece the “man must have seen at least fourteen summers and the “woman’’ twelve. In Frame the “man" must be 18 and the woinin 10 In Belgium the same ages. Iu Spam the intended must have passed his fourteui'h year and the “woman her twelfth. In Austria a “at in
1902: Germany::~Recently a school inspector arrived at a small town in , and requested the mayor to accompany him on a tour of inspection round the schools. The mayor, ns he put on his hat, muttered to himself, “I should like to know why that as# has come so soon again?” a remark which the inspector overhear^ but affected to ignore. Arrived at the first school he began to examine tho pupils in punctuation, but was told by thc mayor, "We do not trouble about commas and such like.” Tho inspector merely told one of the boys to write on thc blackboard: "The Mayor of Kitzolbuttel nays the inspector is an ass." "Now, he added, "put a comma after Ritz-elbuttel and another after inspector." The boy did so. The mayor is believed to have changed his opinion as to the value of commua.
1903: WJi, ‘ ‘~	*, ,,v; lt"n\	V\'\X. BUT VIGOROUS	>omo practical use for it in the bo- the Wvscr River, in Germany.
1903: aggregate trade of the last 2 or 3 years and ; It is understood that the ma-| spread with great rapidity, and before tho trade of the period of general strin- terial, which includes a hundred gune I tney could be got under control five gency proceeding that period. But if the of various modern types and 850 cases of, wooden buildings, including dormitories figures be compared with those of the in- ’ ammunition, most, if not all, of which and the doctors’~ apartments, were gutted cre^FO of trade dune between Canada and I was ordered in Germany by the late by fire. All tho effort# of the officials the United Staid, it will a?ern that there ! Ameer, he.s been delivered in several were directed to removing the insane inis nothing remarkable aboutit. Indeed, consignments at Karachi and forwarded , mates, but the Utter became wild with if the duty actually collected be taken in to Peshawar, where it was stopped pend-1 excitement and so panic-stricken that not to coosidrra ion it will appear that there 1 ing permission from Simla for its trans only were they unable to help themselves is very little difference in the rate not- shipment to Afghanistan. It still re- but greatly impeded the operations of withstanding the cut t-f 33J p. c, in I mains at Peshawar.	I those trying to save them.
1903: Tho much-despised carp occupies» a place on wholesalers’ lists, but Americans haven’~t been educated up to its use us un article of food to any extent. These fat, slimy fish, were imported from Germany by some well-meaning persons, but their propagation in the waters of the great lakes has proved a misfortune. They devour large quantities of the spawn of other and more valuable fish. At certain times of the year when other fish are scarce, they command a fair price. In some places abroad carp is still considered a delicacy. One fish merchant thinks carp were designed by nature to supply the want of a people where water is scarce, for they con live In mud holes. Farmers in Germany raise them in very email ponds. The black bass supply is very limited, especially on account of the Canadian laws, which prohibit their exportation from this country. Black bass bring from 16 to 18 cents a pound at retail and the man who gets them at that price considers himself lucky retailers usually save black bass for their very best customers. Koine black bass are caught in Lake Erie.
1903: >*^.8on there ava left over some ma- 0pp08,ite effect on plants, which are Mrs. Wanterknowc —~ "I chines that will be a year old the < stimulated to the greatest possible like to know, Mr. W., why you are next season, and these machines may nctivity by these drugs. In Den- so cross when I ask questions? Sure-Inck some new innovation, but will mark and Germany advantage has ly you don’t think I have idle curi-do the work and arc ’just as good’ l)0Cn (aken of this fact to force flow- osity'l’ “Great Scot, no! Yours is as the up-to-date machine, and these j erg jn rooms and glasshouses and to the most perniciously active, wide-machinea—back numbers—arc shipped |najte them bloom out of season. The awake, sleepless, energetic curiosity
1903: Germany::~green. 1 he hare, which in  j which was snarled up on deck in- be oblived t,, , ,, n iL*	' and if vou wil1 know—don't excite Jorwah Vase by Sir Hope Grant in l)1004n handling the reins more than
1903: Germany:Spain:~Thibet, although its area exceeds that of France, , and  combined. has only ($.000,000 in-
1903: Germany::~In the last thirty years the population of  has increased 10
1903: Germany::~of , who has been acquiring from the open window as he passes the horseflesh banquet which it gave	P P°	n 'a req,!,re8 r()Ur‘
1903: Germany::~trac> fur locomot ive haicomo from North* Aim ri:a t>.
1903: There would he no such oppor- Lets to lx»~ supplied could not he tunities under the artificial social better, ns there is no Portland Color which some people nxmt produced in the Lower Provinces, and the bulk of all the ce-or ment consumed in Ottawa, Montreal, and the Maritime Provinces is of necessity imported from Germany, Belgium, and the United States against a duty of 43c. per barrel. The “~Citizen" article notes us a favorable point, that the C P It and the Canada Atlantic railways run right by the doors of the factory, also the water way which gives n free outlet from the warehouse docks of the Company into the Ottawa river and thence direct to Montreal, Quebec, and the sea board cities.
1903: Germany::~and , the only other inter- j	forencc in favor uf the crossbred sort
1903: Germany::~Windmills in  aro now used to produce power to drive electric motors.
1903: POPULATION’~S INCREASE. In the last thirty years the population of Germany has Increased 40 per ' cent.; Great Britain has in-Thc population of Sweden is R,- I ereased 30 per cent.; that of France,
1903: Germany::~Franco lias 92 such casualties yearly,  165, North America between
1903: Chicago, Aug. 2d. —Hoi. John F. Fin-nerty, president of tho Uni e 1 lush 1 a<ue of America, lit* issue I an address regarding “the la id 1 i 1 victory * in which he says tin the passage of the bill has achieve 1 a bril iant and aubitant si v.ctory. Ho pndets the net -ration of the iiidepeude it Id b parlian.o if, de-sir yod in 1800 He say a ho is a eej a at-iet but that an independent pir.iamvnt is an honorable compre nd»e but not a “final seulement,'’ and calls attention to ihe fact that total •~spatar.ion would call fur an Id h fleet, an Lish army, an Irish tieai-ury, overflowing with golden millions and at least one powerful ally like France, Germany cr America. “I will leave to the judgement of my fellow countrymen and fellow citizens how soon ill the requirements are either probable or possible to Ireland.” he say#
1903: Germany::~Beets should always be grown in rotation. In Europe the farmers of , Franco Belgium and in other countries have in some
1903: GERMANY:FRANCE:~ WISHES TO PREVENT ALL < lfAN('E < F  HAVING A GLORIOUS
1903: Germany::~The annual crop of potatoes  Is colossal, and fur exceeds of any other country m the Last year, for example, the potatoes was 8,907,4(55
1903: Germany::~The yield in  was 1,593,-
1903: Germany::~A very large part of the great northern plain ol  is covered with potato fields. ....
1903: Germany::~She whitened and caught breath at his words, but collected nro found on many of the large herself immediately amt left him for forms, and  has stimulated a moment, returned cloaked and the industry by removing the intern
1903: Germany::~Almost seven-eights of the alcohol produced in  is obtained hvr from potatoes
1904: Germany::~Yos it is an unhappy state of affaire \ i Khf-uld bring Sir Wilfrid Laurier *. d ll/ii. W. S. Fielding to their eeuavs, if anything will At present Canadian f e nnc* are being closed and the wages < f C uiadian workmen are being reduced, 1 t^oly because Canadians are forced to tirer mto competition with the 48 eent 1'bor of . At Sydney and the S.'O hundred# of men are idle or working f r what they can get, while the steel
1904: Germany::~11 ay, new, $10.00 to $12.00. v u ka of  are turning out thous-1 Oats, new, per bushel, 33©.
1904: Germany::~Tins is how the Conserva'ives propose to deal with  » 48 cant labor. What does «he Laurier government intend doing fur the men of Sydney, the “Soo,” Brantford and i ther hard hit industrial
1904: France:Canada:~Tho number of eggs eaten is not ascertainable, supplied with 80 eggs by Russia, Germany, Belgium, , Denmark and . But what numbers come in f:onx our own farms Is unknown more, tien the 1< tal consumption of eggs is 1,000,000,000. Placed end to end*they would circle the globe neatly three times.
1904: Germany::~the Imperial Statistical Office, by Its publications, should revive tho many Jlscuasions on the v/rcsstty of a large Colonial Empire for .
1904: Germany::~Scandinavia *nd  would fur r,ish ample material for her "cotton’ lupply.
1904: Notwithstanding nil tie achievements of practical tdeme, there ar# some indispensable matci inis the maMng of which is still auturc’~s soc-ret, and for width no entirely fuo-cessful substitute has been found. Among there substances is cork. It is possible, however, ns Consul-General Hughes at Coburg, Germany, has Just pointed out, tlmt nature her 6*4/, in this case, otiers us a sutyti-tuto in the wood of a tree groHr.g on the oust const of Lake Tchad™n Africa, which Is of even less gravity than cork.
1904: Germany::~passing out. resources of groat*r in-	nt Nuremberg,	,	worth a	1.	If a wine merchant (female) for
1904: been utterly misled more than once on,la‘os me wit?l tll° warmth of hu- but it has been many a day since a °~	igion that can be loiced on jconcerts all over Germany, has pro- tomers who did not know tho regu-
1904: Russia::the water edge, and under the sur- ^ W9r ^nting of the n army and women whose occupations led face hidden rocks and reefs, in many Qfr°~r cal1 ing out all tho reserves them to undue use of tho right arm, places, extend out for miles. On these amounts to f>,250,00o men, or more and in consequence to excessive fric-tho staunchest ships ever built are than ten times that of Japan. The Won of the upper edge of the corset, quickly ground to pieces and the un- loldicrs are drawn from the ignor- The friction of the corset at this fortunate crew, Making in the fog or ant peasant class and the officers 8Pot ** therefore the cause of a darkness to effect a landing on the from the governing ranks of society, cancerous process developing in this adjacent shores, meets with a aim!- Should Russia call out nil her troops situation and to express this fact I lar fate. Occasionally a wreck she will have 7$,827 officer*. 5,180.- have given it the name of corset-dodgoe the rocks which guard the en- 958 soldiers, 613,400 horses, and 4.- cancer." care | used clay pipes, and wero helped by | trance is most of these hattoore or 000 cannon. Germany is the
1904: Germany::~Almost every town of any importance in  has an opera house of its own.
1904: Germany::~In  water-pipes arc being made of glass, with asphalt covering to prevent fracture. It is claimed that they give thorough protection against moisture in|| Ji against the action of acids and alkalies, and that they cannot be pene- ,
1905: Germany::~Barer Poors are growing in favor in . They h ive no jo^'s to harbor dust, fungi, or vermU, and find soft under foot. They aio also rh a per than hard wood foors, Tha paper is spread In th* form of paste, rolled, and, when dry, pointed imitate wood.
1905: Germany::~Cholera in .
1905: Grecian Rice Pudding.—~Cook three tablespoonfuls of rice in thr. e cun-fuN of milk. Sweeten with n small cupful of powdered sugar and season with half a teaspoonful of salt an i the grated rind of an orange two ounces of cleaned and dried currants, four ounces of macaron crumbs, an ounce of finely shredded candied orange peel, four egg yolks, Germany and in Russia, hax u g the and the white of one, and a gill of same honored place that tin turkey brandy. Cook in a double boiler un- occupies with us on Thank..giving til thick, turn into a pretty serving Buy. dish and serve w ith English orangi | sauce made as follows: Put into saucepan four egg yolks and tablespoonfuls of sugar and beat un- these birds
1905: made by cooking dried fruit with the ‘tie Russian exporters made the excereal used. Any cereal can be use I pé~riment of sending them thiough in combination with tigs, dat**s or, Germany without any rest. Many raisins, and besides being mere °f the birds were sick when they healthful than when served plain, it reached the frontier, and the Leris more pleasing to everyOOS.
1905: Germany::~It is common in , where	*ar awav road from Rathe board of health estimates	the !	ku drops into tin valley of llibi-Ei-
1905: P'ing to Hickory Had? It is j both were of the queenly order. Co- | niahk. ' Land so described is called wil1 not permit of the establishment that fine old Virginia gentle- stantia’~s was	a natural dignity; 'absolute f. rest land ' "	/l permanent home. Germany Ins
1905: Germany::~tainous or poor land. The forests "On account of its history; for, dc-of  arc situated, at least spite its calm and serene surround-in tho largest compact areas, in the ings, it wns built upon the groans, mountains of that country, wh'To tears, wailings, and blood of widee venty or eighty per cent of the ows, orphans, old men, and etruggl-land is under forest. Besides these women."
1906: Germany::~Afterwards he mint to  and again fifth anmvereiy of their marriage today.
1906: hare was lifted and “planted** over the 1 do net believe that, was the reply, sightless eveballs of the man. He lav 'The most of our immigrants come from |„~ n darkened room until It was deter the British Isles, and from Germany, mined hooting had set In and the first Scandinavia and Iceland. We have also stage of the operation was n success. Galicians. They come from Austria- Mr. Heinard was allowed to go to his Hungary, and might be called Austrian borne, the onlv Instructions being that
1906: Germany::~In  Has Received Total of 362.
1906: Germany::~The muncipality of Orlamunde, , has Just Issued a notice to the effect that admittance to all caf.i and public houses is henceforth to be denied to all who do not pay their taxes within the legal limit of time. It Is not altogether an innovation, for a somewhat similar measure has tieen In force for a number of years in Switzerland, and has answered Its purpose excellently.
1906: France:Germany:~chemists in  and  "l Wyndhnni, then at the portrait, at ran only he undertaken between the enhair fern. The hostess was asked u,e sP,Pndld arKl Nourishing sensitive niarine Tho j»ort jdfk.Son had been about the task of obtaining other colors	Garrick, then at Wvndham. “Charles”	months of December and May, which is	how she had	obtained mignonette *o	P,anl of ^>y»on. This	plant	causes	you	t()W<d ruUnd from London to the fJian
1906: Germany:United States:~The fiftieth anniversary of the discovery by William Henry Perkin of the first cutil tor color, mauve, occurs this year. I'luiLi are on foot in England,  and Uie  for a celebration of the event, •
1906: Japan:Germany:~loaned enormous sums to Russia, practically supplying the money needed in the struggle against  ; they provided  with 1,000.(XJÛ.ÛüÛ marks in 1904-06 to carry on her tremendous industrial enterprise» ; they took a liberal amount of the last Japanese
1906: France:Germany:~How has , a nation industrially inferior to  and with a commerce very much below that of Great Britain, guined such a power -n world finance Î The answer is, through her domestic economy thrift, intense application to the work in hand and the very commends bis ambition to carve from life's labors enough to make bright tlie Inevitable rnlny day and to cheer old age the Frenchman has no peer. To save is an inherited desire. The poorest peasant m the least productive parish of the republic manages to put aside a HMle ?•itch year for a competency, and I he fish* rnifn down on the Britanny ri as4 would have starved a few winters ago, when the catch was almost nothing, had they not l»vn able to draw fnna
1906: Germany::~This name Is given to on earthenware of great hardness and durability, manufactured in Europe of pulverized feldspar. sand and lime. The materials are made Into a paste and baked in an oven. The calcium from which the product obtains its name is contained in the feldspar. Another kind of calcium steel will be known if experiments now under way in  ore successful in producing an alloy of iron and cal-
1906: Germany::~of tethnical education, impress science In the service of our manufacturer*, send travellers with a better knowledge o! foreign tongues, make out our price lists in the languages, weights, and measures of our oustoiner-eountrles. Where will  be then?
1906: Germany::~Americans are putting forth all their energy and have no reserve. We have more energy in reserve than in use. Germans avail themselves of every help to be obtained from education, science, and system. They can make little further advance. We still rely to a gnat extent on the rule-of-thumb methods, and are, nevertheless, the equals at least of the Germans. When we come to put forth our whole reserve of energy, and make full use of education and science, both  apd the Vnited States will find themselves very far in the rear.
1906: Germany:Russia:~Two or three years ago we had among u.i a number of prophets who painted the gloomiest pictures of England s immediate future.  was to take a great slice of our foreign and colonial trade, America the remainder, here at home our manufacturers would be driven to the wall by the pushing foreign competitor, and as for the British farmer, what with ?ggs from , beef from Argentina, mutton from Australia, butter from Seandinavia, and so on, he must inevitably disappear from the land, says London Answers.
1906: Germany::~II is not America only which has tried Misions with us.  has or-
1906: sent there is no combined International personally by indolent indulgence, why, Wour hours notice, and sent up the When "Mac ’~ and his comrades arrived France, Spam. Italy. Germany, Bely once. "I wond#c how -hany person* movement against this class of crime 1 that we can correct, and we can vastly	j Nl*e to roast at Assouan.	tn the Australian gold-diggings after	gium, and Switzerland, for the purpose	have	even	ponderea	the	fact	that	a
1906: GERMANY::~QVKER CURES IN .
1906: Germany::~Some one has been making an Investigation 05 to the survival of medical superstitions In  and his discoveries have been reported in Ihe Nord-dcutsche Allgrmeine Zeitung. All sorts
1906: Germany::~The largest sun dial in the world is at Delhi, in India. Dr. Helm of Ihe Royal A* I run u mica I Institute in Berlin, , has recently complets the difficult lu>k of making n model of this gigantic piece of work. About 1650— the ex-act dale is not known—Jui Si.og 11., influenced probably by the Jesuits, erected at Delhi, Benares and other places observatories, the ruins of which still exist. The natives know little • r nothing of Ihe meaning of these ruins and reports of English travellers of Ihe eighteenth century give the only definite information which we possess ns lo ihe (erm and use of the mural instrument*.
1907: England:Germany:~In the early ages famine prevailed in some part of the world every year. Probably. most of the people were always mar starvation. As early as 310 A. D., wc have record of a famine which killed 4.1,000 out of tho small population of . The whole world was in n slate of starvation in the year 897, and millions must have perished. Half lhe population of  was carried off by fam no in 1125. In those limes it was the custom, when scarcity of food occurred, lo drive all needy people out of the city gales and let them perish.
1907: Germany::~return lo ^ WM wvtl in Scotland, and were leaving richer Urn when they arrived, fares had been paid right through to Stettin by the Society of Friends -of Foreigners in Distress, and when once back in the Fatherland they said they would take lo tho roads again, all t!ie better for their two years' sojourn in Britain.
1907: The church at Hilwnrtshnu«~en, Germany, is In a slate of siege from the* herds of deer that live in the surrounding woods and lulls. The owner of the-surrounding lands has let them multiply unmolested, so that they hove become fearless.
1907: France::~boos and string, for firing	on the	barrel. I then fired two blank caii-1	|n  a capital of £Hu.,mO was subbranches of a tree In which to	sit. and	ridges in quick succession—~the signal to |	Germany lias found a	peril in	apples,	bribed; a vertical shaft was sunk near
1907: Japan:Germany:~Germany's policy, in a word, is directed towards the control of the passim ger and elegraph business between Europe and I he east, not with India alone, but with he Suites Archipelago, China and . 's pioneers, according to l he Madgeburg Zeitung, an»~ looking forward to the not very distant date when British influence and prestige in thus# latitudes will be obliged to give way before the march of conquering Germany.
1907: Germany::~and . During the latter pait of this wtiik a great many land eeekers will arrive from Ontario. The rush from t' e United State»~ is just commence g. and it is estimated that the number of Americans coming in will be fu'ly double that of last year, when 07,000 Irjttlei* arrived in Western Canada, from points in the W» stern States.
1907: GERMANY::~IN .
1907: Germany:Germany:~The editor of The Canadian Gazette was among tho British journalist* who recently visited , conversation with Prince von P. he fourni that the German chancellor was well informed a* to Canadian progress He says: "By his questions the Chancellor showed his knowledge of the change that has come over Canadian conditions in recent years. He spoke of the German settlers of Ontario and the West. There was, he affirmed, never any doubt in  of their success or of their ley-v to Cana-	r new	But
1907: Italy:Germany:~pan lends the world sund observing stations and much iiivmcy * n them. .  and Austria also have their M isniogra pliie obsvrva'o la I il > of I In*
1907: IL is not advisable lo shave against lh gmwlh of I he hairs, ns irritation is ustd by the pulling. If a very close shave is required, the upward movement against the growth may le used in •~having a second lime, tin,ugh this always has a tendency to cnu*e irritation. In all eases the beard should be cut, and A citizen of Wti'imgeu, Germany, 11,4^ raped, and the movement should named Hath has Just pleaded vainly lo 1,0 *'ow and firm.
1907: In these days, when there is so ’~much talk of the naval rivalry of Germany and Great Britain, it “~gives one to think, that the Km|>vr rs anvil inspiration eu me front England he is u British admiral.
1907: Germany::~An extraordinary story of cn*te pre-ludlce and narrowness ts reported from Berlin. . The other dnv there a confirmation service nt the old
1908: Germany::~lambs that are better individuals than jjmr |n south  Ixsr has pretty their mothers. Have your ideal. You w<q| euperseilcHl cid«r in Bavaria. In know the oruw that answer lo the oc-	pm|rn wine is	cheap	and	plentiful amt
1908: flock. You know Uie ones that raise the |s „ia«~tc and used in great quantities, lest lambs ami aliear tho heaviest fleece, jn nor(h Germany there are three great you learn d iseard the coarse head.	regionsHHHHHËflHI^^^I
1908: Russia:Germany:~Sweden, Finland and Russia ; in America there are two, namely, Canaia and the United States. Rut , Austro Hungary and the V. States are increie-itig their imputation and developing their industries so fast that they cannot Ion* continue to be exporting countries. The timber of Norway is threatened with excutting. , where the practice of forestry has been brought to the greatest perfection, has never been able to supply home dtmands, and heavy importer
1908: Germany::~This poem was composed and written digger in Denmark, by the Isle Joseph Laughlin, Sr., Bow- In  u prisoner Is acquitted manvitle, ulout the year 1862.	on a tie vole by tho jury. A vote of
1908: Rertà~n, Germany.
1908: ----	worms give them Mother Graves’~, l y boy* arc made in Germany, dyspepsia and all the discomforts
1908: Germany::~Huddersfield ha* municipal own building depression and striker* is if prove that she ha* suffered pe .voting people of  are o
1908: Germany::~"The old, old story," explained "And did that make hie home any  is the husband, with s long-drawn happier ? aiked his wife.	Or, postesrda than an
1908: Germany::~In some parts of  glass telephone poles, reinforced by wire, are in use.
1909: Germany::~in .
1909: is called baboo English and BURgcst»~] NERVOUSNESS	A	of Germany,
1909: Germany::~ternal grandmother, the mother, an	the real	suffering	comes.	Ineffcc- horhood of Metz, , had an hour j he asked.	,tC* „f new"hfiHdin™ w il"ï , “lai!,? I hiM,lly c‘xtrava8ailt.*
1909: Germany::~in the way  has specialis- ovcr wall, and then, from a cor- and entered a tiny creek, with roses and the words :	acted as managing director.	some of which belong to tho 13th
1909: m ^’~ll V 88 , y* [he ce*lftr gentleman, with a very polite salu-	a poor woman, who still prays daily	and with the fear of knowledge he	falls due in Germany of the insured	owner, he turned deathly pale and
1909: Germany::~"When I was in  last Ia state of collapse. The doctors thenceforward became the fashion year ” said a man who travels, "1 certified that the man still breathed, to wear a curl on one side of the saw ’some people who like potatoes f>',t "as to «11 appearances a life- temple only, even better than I do. At any rate ^ss form which Deibler and his as-they erect statues to them.	sistants dragged to the guillotine,
1909: tone. "Why should I need any dren. Mrs. P. Lnrochc, Les Fonds, | * ru»~yequipped futideniii tehooifor Boyt em 1 North Germany) fire to light a match ? I’d strike it." Que., says “Last summer my j	WM,vereHy' ^ ^ I *
1909: Germany::~to Africa.	.	non need Horn Danzig, . an<j contemplates building there, bearer fired. The lion left me and
1909: bilities from which we cannot escape. banda'oI ijftv' f °~ne of, them is the taking of mea- reHch ll,.igllt of , . , sures for defending our borders ami RPparatoi oaoh family g protecting our commerce, these re spv(.,ivt, hunting ground t seonsibilities are not the development trap fur for the remainder or consequence of any a'legiance. The 1 winter. They camp in h;ige tents United States as well as Great Bri- j made of caribou skins scraped clean tain and Germany, feels it necessary | of the hair and sewed together, to spend much money on a flee», and These tents are well banked with until there is a great change in human j snow from the outside to keep out nature there is no liklihoud that any j all wind, while spruce boughs make first-class power will feel itstlf safe j a sweet, warm flooring. In the mid-
1909: Holland:United States:~a year, while in England it is only f .03 pounds. Next to England comes Canada, with 4 pounds there is a remarkable gap, as , the next country on the list, only accounts for 1.4 pounds head annually. The  record is only 1.3 pounds. ’~ smallest consumers of tea in the civilized world are Germany and France.
1910: Germany::~doing it is practically certain that Raunibuig, , has invent-it will strike the hull of the battle- «1 a new tax. The. heirs of persons •hip under the armor-protecting désirions of having their goodness, (for no movement should be at plates and away from the torpedo ! or even their name, inscribed on a ten.pted except with the authority tut Directly the projectile has tombstone or cross, must pay ten and co-operation of the organized been fired tho torpedo becomes per cent, of the cost of the menu- medical profession), this pathologi-Quite detached from the "nose" and ( mint into the city ti>Mury.	€âl anachronism of s controlled and
1910: no getting away from it. The h»~r-	from Germany, used in the impor-1 cheeks are rounded and almost
1910: Germany::~his character, a thing It was Impossible visit to , and as soon as the Tfr |	•	.	,	/» ii v r it •	- — —	. to resent on account of the manner In Duchess of Mecklenburg beard of hi*
1910: GERMANY::~used instead of tho oranges. Del ici- stewed chicken as shortening for  DEPENDENT.	“Sir, is there any case too bad j A very powerful brandy is made wanted to.
1910: Germany::~Beat tho volks <>f eight eggs very those made with	butter or lard.	uletion of	,	••penally	in	won’t defe dt”	lutes cocoa, potted meats, honey,	etj the	three score	and ten mark
1910: light. His coat is soft and woolly carry a woman’s sunshade.”~ For, . ]n. Germany every single person ^^ed and to L «„ m MARVELLOUS EXHIBITION | tify to the fa,. that < rims ha- de-and of a deep rich black. With his theoretically, all Montenegrins are has 0,n* »*nc© been sufhcenUy eon-	would finda a,‘a.ef, I ,Ut A ^lurU,t on the Tokio ! creased by no less than thirtylive
1910: Germany::~Bois and runs and races about her Fortune Telling in  vvas a j	- I donina the tVrman flamand Joinfn» ,l 1S wcI1 kno"n t0 thc English are too much inclined t,i gp sited
1910: somebody.	the classes to which crass ignorance are Great Britain, Austria and s‘~on from Germany. Apart from t anu no Lieut Helm was ar
1910: Germany:France:~Of course there is no place on the death ns any which exist today earth where the force of gravity Is Prussia decapitation by tbe ax is still two-thirds smaller than at New York, the recognized method of execution, hut there are many places where the but the rest of  follows the difference Is considerable enough to example of  and uses the gull leW tine.
1910: United States:Germany:~In the  and  are made paper barrels, vases and rnilk bottles. Straw hats may now be bought into which enters not an atom of straw. They are made of narrow paper strips, dyed yellow.
1910: Germany::~In Bremen, , not long since the ! » father advertised in n newspaper ns follows:
1911: Germany::~before the end of May, when the lively modern invention. They were and the government vigorously sup- joying a good laugh it is expanded . 1 h  a few week Klng Gcor*<’ ls- if possible, ai ‘ deal ’ has to be consummated, the first made by John Walker in Eng- Parting the contention that a Lon- almost toit, utmost capacity, with *	*	^	%’	heart fveLn bctter sPeaker than his royal
1911: Germany::~by this time and cannot be long delayed. They will be completed in the spring and autumn of 1912. At that date  will have thirteen Dreadnoughts ready to twenty WOMEN WHO CONDESCEND TO or twenty-two British, including the colonial vessels.
1911: Germany::~In 1913  will add four
1911: Germany::~be surpassed even in , | whon Sllbje<.fs Present Presents to
1911: Germany:Japan:~The almanac predicts a very prosperous year for  and, speaking of , foresees trouble with foreign powers and the likelihood of
1911: Germany::~An 8,000 ton motor boat for the transport of cargo is being built at Hamburg, , for the Hamburg American Line, and a good deal is understood to depend on the result of this initial experiment.
1911: Germany::~These are some of the ways in which  is preventing 50 per cent, of the annual toll of industrial accidents. Popular lectures, the distribution of simple pamphlets and documents, are other methods. This educational propaganda starts in the readers placed in the hands of the school-children, inculcating ideas of safety and caution at the very threshold of the child’s life.
1911: Germany:Germany:~Contrast these cases with those ver dollar into the plate, the coins of  and Austria. The lut- forming a sort of silver dower for ter country has a frontier line of the bride, and a Polish ceremony about 3,800 miles, of which 8,196 is tasts as long as the energy of the land, every mile of which must he bride and her male guests, guarded against thc encroachments The bride who performed thc stu-of her neighbors.  is al- pondons feat of dancing for thirty-must equally badly off, for her sea four bonrs was Mrs. Fred Zapowa, coast line is only 714 miles, while wbo was married on a Wednesday 2,255 miles of land frontier border mornjng Ht nine o’~clock, and was-upon Russia, Austria, Switzerland, idling and able to continue dano-Franee, Holland, and Belgium, and jng thirty-four hours later, when far theJarger poit.ou of this great a|| tbe men dancers were played distance is not protected by moun- ou^ anc] fe]| on chairs and the floor tains, rivers, or any other natural jn u^r exhaustion. It is not sug-
1911: Germany::~tillage of Quiliow. , may turn out to be that of Lord Bathurst, the English Ambassador at Vienna, who disappear*d on the 25th of Novem- j
1911: Germany::~Great Britain or .	I	henee it wag not possible to sail out come in touch with tho august per-	tire concurrence in the verdict, but	ga,trie fluid,	which	is	not needed	fot
1911: Germany:usa:~The Kaiser conies next to his Holi- Zobe to his work ness. The ruler of  receives about seven thond five hundred postal communications daily. This, of course, does riot include purely private diplomatic despatches. Closely following him what
1911: tilings; what tlie crops will be; how industries are doing. You may judge correctly to find -as at present—~France aud Germany at each others throats, and the signed was a marriage certificate, market collapsing through fear of the and that they were legally married.
1911: France:Germany:~Thousands have no doubt read the commendable articles recently appearing in some of the leading American and Canadian papers on the use of alum in baking. Until the Dominion Government follows the lead of England,  and  and prohibits the use ol alum in fo<*ls, there is hut one safeguard against alum, and that is to buy only a baking-powder which has the ingredients plainly stated on the label.
1911: England:Germany:~Before the Agadir incident there was a lot of irritation in  against , but the great majority of Englishmen felt that war was a thing to be avoided at all costs
1911: Germany::~men declare that  asked for it" and that the safety of Europe demand that she be crush-
1911: u distinct improvement, and I con- ! e(j—and the sooner the better. Sleeplessness.—Sleep is the great tinuod taking the Pills for several There is also the feeling that no restorer and to be deprived of it is months, when the cure was com-| time is more favorable than the vital loss. Whatever may be the plcte. That is some two years ago, present, before tho Kaiser’~s great cause of it, indigestion, nervous dc-and 1 have ever since been per- naval programme is complete and rangement or mental worry, try a fectly free from the trouble. I while practically nil the rest of course of Parinclce's Vegetable would, therefore, advise anyone Europe is united against Germany | piH9. By regulating the action of afflicted with rheumatism to take and Austria.	the stomach, where the trouble lies,
1911: These pills are sold by all modi- whole cost of the war, not only be- the nerves and where there is un-cine dealers or may be had by mail qausc of the British taxpayer’s reflt they bring rest, at 60 cents a box or six boxes for pocket, but also because of the $2.60 from The Dr. Williams’~ Me- hope of crippling Germany so ef-dicine Co., Brock ville, Ont.	fee tu ally that she will be kept out
1911: France:Germany:~When  and  )Ycre
1911: France:Germany:~It now appears that the Morocco war scare led to a good deal of searching of hearts among the British military authorities, and that if the negotiations between  and  had come to a quick and belligerent end Britain would have been caught in a state of unpreparedness almost equal to that in which she found herself at the outbreak of the Boer war. writes a London correspondent. Wonders have been worked during the last two months, however, and recently a British military expert told the writer that Britain was now ready to take the field at any moment.
1911: Russia:Italy:~Although the war cloud has lifted for the time being, this expert was anything but optimistic about the future. The delay, he declared, was solely due to strategic reasons on the part of Germany. If war were to break out now, Germany would have to deal single-handed with France, Britain and , and if Austria backed her up actively,  would probably join the anti-German coalition, with the idea of avenging ancient defeats and winning back her lost provinces. If the outbreak of hostilities
1911: France:Germany:~Noted food scientists have decided that alum is an unseen danger in food, and as a result of their investigations, rigorous laws have been enacted and are now being vigorously enforced in England, "Slithers made a pile of money  and , prohibiting in that gold mine of his, didn’t the use of alum in foods, he?” asked Willoughby.	Until suitable laws are passed in
1911: Germany::~his medicine. It is difficult to jn meantime  had learn and often takes several days produced two fast armored cruisers, before the vender can master it. the Blucher, 24.4 knots, and Ger-If he is not a success at singing the many’s first real dreadnought crul-song he will bo of no account as a ^ J9.100 ton Von der Tann, vender, for the secret of his popu- 27,63 knots. Though written of in great mansion.	larity lies in his rendering of the Q^rmany as “the fastest armored
1911: England:Germany:~know us better, many of his first When you hear tho Ra-uya, or T#mn wafl rta\\y glower than the hard impressions of  are repairer of bamboo pipes, in the Br(tjsh Indomitable, Invincible and modified. Often enough he he- neighborhood, it seems as though a indefatigable. Since then, how-comes a passionate admirer of our miniature locomotive was letting pyer  has really taken the ideals of home life, of liberty, and off steam, for one peculiarity of jead’with the battle cruiser Moltke, of constitutional government. But the Ra-uya’s trade is a cart which wjlicb recently on her trials made then it may he questioned if has in it a little furnace, a steam ^ ^ knots. It is known that in spite
1911: England:United States:~that too much courtesy has In all lges accompanied downfall. "Noblesse 3blige,H it says, "has ruined more people and nations than unwise speculation. France has a name for courtesy; go has Italy; so has Spain. Germany,  and the  each •Office : Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks hag a special brand of bad manners.
1912: Germany::~one half cups flour, two thirds cup	twice as much sugar is	required to	our table leverage I appreciate	for with the endorsement on the	in ,	by a report	from
1912: Germany:Germany:~As in other countries, the lot of the members of the lower grades of the theatrical profession in  Is often very hard, and an imperial commission has been appointed to investi gate into their position, find out what reforms arehdvtiable and enforce them In the form of a bill which will be submitted to the relchstag to become law mil over . The commis •Ion will begin its work in a few weeks, and It will Investigate tbe wages, hours, contracts and fines of the lower rate actor and music ball artist ascertain under what terms agents find them engagements and frame a bill which will Improve all these conditions.—London Globe.
1912: Germany::~Emperor William, of , i* superstitious, but does not allow it to be said in his presence. He wears all sorts of things as charm*, calling doing so "love for souvenirs. ”
1912: Germany:France:~Japan, as well as England,  and , has a remarkable tale to tell of heroism shown by «adora in submarine accidents, the Isle of Wight. One officer and Qn April 15, 1910, Lieutenant Tsu-eleven men were lost in that collision. Then came the A5 disaster-in
1912: Italy:Germany:~| Visitors to Belgium will bare noticed kJie twenty-four hour clocks which ere to be seen In public places and railways. The same system Is in vogue In , and both In  and Switzerland there Is to be found a xmslderable number of persons to favor of this new notation. French military authorities also prefer the system, as do two-thirds of the con-•ells generaux and four-fifths of the chambers of commerce. In view of dils opinion M. Augogneur, the minis-er of posts and telegraphs, baa ad-tressed m letter to the prefects aounciog that during the summer the ) to 24 system will be Introduced be main lines of railways and lnvit-ng the prefects to take measures to ,
1912: Germany::~States, and *  account for I Poor Ladv Dudley could not for about 80 per cent, of the world's I get. She could not stsmp oat the
1912: Germany::~In the rural parts of Schleswig Holstein people do not measure distance by miles, as we do, or by hours, ns in other parta of . They say that a place is a pipe, or two pines or three pipes off according to the number of pipes one could smoke while walking there. Shorter distances are reckoned by dogs’ barks. A village under * mile away would be "Zwel oder drei hunde b-la-ef.” (Two or
1912: CU*npr W r^d*tn	n L**V ^	°f He*, ’~*> m Germany the Zeppe- that a bird eata two and one-half
1912: France:Germany:~In England,  and  A woman never thinks her hus-[tea is made in much the same pleb-band so unreasonable as when he elan way, but in other countries the expects her to be reasonable
1912: Germany::~The postofFioes in  are peculiar institutions, «aye T. Harris Deans in the August Wide World Magazine. They are a far-sighted people, the Germans, and they allow for expansion. If there arc any postuffices in the country of less than three stories I must have overlooked them. Every floor is divided into four departments, and every department has about a dozen offices.
1912: Germany::~venge, decamping suddenly one	posters at tho door inform the pub*	lY} , the number of mover-	which to found an appeal to British
1912: Germany::~nerve you fn 1	\ a.l my life. Do From the time of the Mongolian I	^	)	1.870.837 against 1,125 231 in 1901,  has increased 100 per cent,
1912: Germany::~bit of suet, and while you are pre	.	He first talks of the	and have cost a quarter of a milli ,n ; the dome is 200 feet high, is the
1913: Arch his hop* ^hHd m a d* *h I «~I* #d lot* ln*l u d* sSSnsasbT *' sd" So "Sf- " ' ma* t Twl Wliat chance has the rational man *ta r f of amazement.	. reak UP the IK lie Yx 'i re arKj Germany. The money, he says,
1913: who?ikTLUBÙL.2at aiî~lT?rnm>?0li*ii showing that in the United States, home, where all day L>ng he toüed “~The English gulls, which aredif aiding in tbs Beardmore rasidsnee at the Germany, Australia, etc , GV* an- in hi* studio ae he had done before forent, having black feet, yellow ÎS21r	m.°^!rk5& nusI loee of cr°Pfl dua to epidemics his wks went astray. Nobody paid bellies, and gray-white wings and
1913: An attempt to counteract the evil effect» of the "hustle’~ ' of modem b usines* life is about to be made by an enterprising Berlin (Germany) company, which will shortly “81 umber Saloon workers.
1913: Germany::~The total capital Invested In hotels in  Is about $400,000,000.
1913: Germany::~times that of , 3% l lnely referred to ae Pellatt • Folly.*' De- l^unde per person per year, which le at papera. accompanied the team. On pa perl
1913: Germany::~by Prof. Emil von Behring, of the, One of the largest churches in Henry immediately began buying the University of Marburg, , Europe—the Frauenkirche, Dree-1 ,tork* which wa* selling *r<-.und $3o or fto
1913: Germany::~cni  as it was in the It*!- LATEST AND BEST PICTURE OF THE KAISER te. WaS g aU< Ch mf 1 diatcly oyer it. Drain through •
1913: Germany::~A new picture of the Emperor and Empress of . He celebrates a twenty-five years' reign of peace
1913: Germany::~comparatively a great maritime nation Indeed, population compared, we have as much shipping as . and are only excelled by Great
1913: Germany::~liam supped off a piece of dry taught in .	hSbTïLe"Hal 'ï.TÏZ
1913: Germany::~important e. seeing that we have not f00]ls},|v as yet turned out any really satis factory airship* of large size rangements, too, have been completed in  whereby the sale of Zeppelin and Schulte Lanz ding iblet to foreign governments i* prohibited.
1913: Crown Prince Frederick William <»~f Germany, and his youngest son Prince Frederick. The Crown Prince has grown irritable lately under the rigid discipline of the military division to which he is attached.
1913: Germany::~principal capper works In  with great success.
1913: largest absolute number and also the , largest proportion relatively to the vamp, and that he could hnd no trace of population—namely, 28,900 altogeth- 'hem anywhere. Next «'ay the poser and 7.8 per 10,000 Inhabitants, master sent his son, about 13 y^ars old, Bulgaria has the smallest number of with him, and the buy »*y* Pilon went medical practitioners—only 0.47 per i d rect to where his wife’~s b dy lay, about 10,000 Inhabitants. In Germany the 1 'hree miles from Du moins post . Bee and total number of practitioners Is 22,-	erven from his camp ; but	there	was	no
1914: Germany::~Interest In medical circles in , on the nose, and shouted at the top	)s<.e ^ tbe School	of	TechnoU *	a
1914: Nearly every one has some kind of hobby—something that she or he can turn to for enjoyment in leisure moments, but, as a rule, most hobbies take a very ordinary form, such as stamp-collecting, photography, or hunting butterflies. Occasionally, however, people have strange ideas of what constitutes amusement, as the following cases will show ;—~A short time ago there died in Germany an WÊ man of 78. It was noticed that during hie lifetime, whenever he went to a cafe he always helped himself to a quantity of lump sugar, which he put in hie pocket and took home. No one could understand did this until his death, when in his room were discovered numerous models of houses and rai’way stations, all made out of lumps of sugar. Modelling in sugar was the old man’s sole hobby, and it was estimated that in making his little houses he had utilized no fewer than 10,000 lumps of sugar There is, in America, a married couple named Vernon, whose hoh
1914: “~In mixed localltic where there moef active and Interfering monarch, are both	French	sod	English	people.	tbo Rmperor of Germany, inasmuch	tnewn	^ her relatives and	most	Inin	ths	Eastern	Townships,	for	In-	u ^e cartoonists givs him a	new	timate	friends as "Harry."
1914: Germany::~ged or for occasional sore throat, or ria (on the frontier between  ten per cent (10 p. c.) of the amount of because they contain plugs, or be- and Austria), an elegantly dressed the tender, which will be forfeited if the cause the patient Is under ether for couple passed through the customs person tendering decline to enter into a adenoids, or for any remote symp- office, the man carrying a child in 2°°t^sct	"P°n to do so. or
1914: The term “~Made in Ormany" is more prevalent at Christmas than nt any other time. If Germany'# boast l>c true, nine tenths of the soldiers commanded by youthful Kitcheners and Robertses are supplied by her, while some four rail*; lion dolls emigrate annually from the Fatherland to Rritieh nurseries. The little town of Kunneberg, in the Duchy of Saxe Meiniugen, is the huge toyshop where most of these nro made. Thousands of people—~men, women, and children re here engaged in devising and making toys. Indeed, the apirit of Christmas is now here more oherish-od than in Germany, whose forest# of Christmas-trees would make even old Scrooge s imagination sparkle! Unfortunately, the toy-makers of Sonnebe vg are very poorly paid foi their work. A man and his family, working sixteen hours a day, may not earn more than St.60 a week be-twN*r them, while at a recent exhibition there were displayed flon-neberg toys made at th* rate of
1914: ‘~.Mst day of Januaty, HU 4, at 10 a. m. There to In Germany a regular dog Diret turi prereut. Wm. H idgim, pro* \ corps for service in time of war. Al-•idint ; I lo s. McDowell, Thus. Knde», | though these soldier dogs do not Andiev Sly, F. Thomas, Tho\ f\ihi 1.	! shoot guns or Are cannons, there are
1914: Germany::~1	uniforms of  and those of
1914: A ro]>#.rt come»~ from Germany to the f ‘***** that the Friedmann tr« aiment LaS b.0ii placed at the dtop„*l of the m‘d.- *1 1	amj that a.; a recall it has	, , ,
1914: Germany::~Jaw of morality.	I	.	African prototype badly beaten,  a^rA the utter inadequacy tMs •• it may, warning» have been meny. ,	s* Morgan. You must
1914: bign."	mach hecamo so weak I could eat	I ver>* «~mall, black, and lias a long	words, in	Germany town	planning	»<xx>mphehae the task of	the fool	killer.
1914: nstely, lie is very pessimistic as to 0,,”ÿ farmer self	until deathi irrUrv-anea 0»~ke of our	woi*e iri Germany SÏTt.	"oife. Who’ll we aind Î" "Kind
1914: Germany::~inflieted proved but a slight one,	As a result of the bursting of	a	in* "do general use in ,
1914: Germany::~A method has been invented in  for spinning kapok fibre into yarn so that it can be woven into textiles.
1914: Germany::~corn can be used economically as a published In Frankfort , by a substitute for other oils In cooking bss society for the protection of animals, been made by Professor I* B. Sayre of and It Is provided that every dog T1 HE sole heed of a family, or an.\ male the school of pharmacy at the Culver- whose name Is entered In the direc-
1914: Germany:Germany:~means something very different w hen Picketed to W inui%ieg and distributed distributed among 65,000,000 of a popu- thence to their destinations, at half a I at ion, as in , from what it vent per mile, which is the basis that means when distributed among 45,000,- has applied in previous years. Very 000 people in the United Kingdom. **rge ?rolM. are assured in the territory The coat of the German navy is only 7s t0 wLich tickets will be sold and all the per beat! of the (sqiulation of , harvesters will lie able to get immediate while the cost of the British navy I employment as harvesting will be gen is %2s (ier head of the jiopulation of era' A days earlier than the men the United Kingdom. The average I rea<>,‘ the West. —Montreal Gazette™* family of five persona is taxed £~1 15s in Germany and £~5 I Os in the United Kingdom towards the cost of their re selective navies. While, therefore, as a nation, the fioople of Great Britain are s|iending double the amount Germany is sjending on the navy, the burden on the individual tax (layer really amounts to an expenditure of 3 to 1.
1914: France:Germany:~Russia and  Refuse to Accede to the Demands of , and War Results.
1914: Germany::~inventor of the most destructive of I voyage of the L.3 in" May, when it nian thought he could see behind British Artillery, stated that he had covered a journey of 2,000 miles the wanton act a plot against his exhausted his engineering skill in | around  and made it in dynasty ; bitterness filled his soul, devising resistance for dread- thirty-four hours, running at the
1914: Germany::~respective air fleets of  and the number, kind, and disposition | «yrobol, calmest of all the ffreat	• short he has frater-
1914: Germany:Germany:~done in Africa, will be done in spite pears that the time is rapidly ap of Germany and at Germany's ex- proaching when the population of pense. The German possessions in , like that of F ranee, will Africa have a total area of nearly become stationary, or even go back, a million square miles, or, to be bave been dissipated for the pre-exaot, 031,420 square miles. The &@nt by an estimate in the latest African possessions are 4% times year book of the Imperial German as largo as  itself, which is Statistical Office, putting the popu-about 209,000 square miles in ex- lotion of the Empire at the end of tout The African possession» have the first half of 1914 at 67,812,000.
1914: Germany::~Against 06,000,000 in ,	previous year and	shows an	in-1 ||lAi	UllU	u!	mUULltll	A It III	I
1914: Germany::~to fight for her, while the Germans	6,000,000 less than	.	In
1914: Germany::~equal of Frenchmen, and love their an increase for  of 26,-masters, while the black man of the 000,000.
1914: Germany::~detest* the ruler who wears the sis saves the Triple Entente from spiked helmet. The Egyptian fellah being overwhelmed by numbers by respects his British master, but the Triple Alliance.  he doeen’t love him.	alone has three-fourths as many in-
1914: Germany::~artillery fire ceases, and the rest i* every battle he had to take a bath should be In the least either a means left to the bayonet, and the final with acme disinfectant and <km of defence from  or a means charge home. Should the cavalry clean, frewhly boiled clothing. of offense against that power; Gerbe a failure, the artillery	covers the	They	obeyed with patriot e fidelity,!	P1*ny wa,fl 1no,1 considered, the entente
1914: Germany::~covered bv a clean shirt. The Rus- Power of .
1914: Germany::~Were it not for  the all red” railway, from the Cape, to
1914: Germany::~centre of the continent.  I Advice of Family Physician. I might in the next few years to	Formerly people thought meat horsemen, and the principles laid
1914: craaae from the corresponding week two main claasea, “cootruliable’• of the last two years. The gold and I and “uncontrollable,” or, as they silver holding»~ in France, however, are often termed, “electrical” and showed an increase of about $160.- “mechanical.” In the first class 000,000 over the corresponding week the method of firing js by electri-for the previous two years, and the city. The source of the power reserves have been fteadily mount- whether from battery or dynamo i’~ mg week by week for the last eigh contained in a firing station on teen weeks. Germany shows an in- shore, which is connected up to the crease of about $67,600,000 over the mines by insulated cables. By sim-week ending July 30, 1913, and an ply switching off the electric ‘power increase of about $100,000,000 over such mines are rendered inert and the same period for 1912. For the powerless, week ending July 30, 1914, Ger mechanical
1914: %r?iT he answered, “~if I had	speculate on how Germany, Hiisty weather. The powder charge
1914: Z	/«*¦	¦«* » «*•~ Germany alone	“ >n general une ia wet „
1914: Germany::~THK END	navy means that  is abso-	ant	mio€s-. The weight	of the
1914: 23 armv corps, with Saxony furni.h- "“W be l“*,n*d They «>»t by The met interesting example of mg one corps, Wurtemburg one, ‘f**’~ and Germany • whole trade, mine warfare warn in the attack and Alsace-Lorraine two, Bavaria three,	mu*f °» internal. That her defence of Port Arthur during the
1914: Germany::~Dow  Had Planned a Sedan for Great Britain.
1914: France:Germany:~that there was talk of war between  and , and took the trouble to go round to the police
1914: Germany::~Food and drink imports into  amount to $831,000,000 per annum.
1914: Germany::~type. He had no fear, and believed j to the encyclopaedia, nuncupative it his duty to keep the men in line, or oral wills are not recognized, It was foolish, but it- was splendid, ; but soldiers' and sailors wills are too. He stood exposed to the subject to special rules a* in most shrieking bullets, cursing and oom-1 other countries. In  there manding. And so nearer we drew. I is a provision that the formalities The fire was getting more deadly; may be relaxed in certain cases,
1914: Germany::~Some of the things we have been importing from , Austria, etc., to the value of 138,000,000 per annum:
1914: Germany::~Theme mute and meek millions, I say, did not want war. They wanted peace and a continuance of the bounding prosperity which had brought  to the pinnacle of economic might. They wanted their Army and navy to he that w hich the Kaiser had grandiloquently boasted they were, and only that^-bulwarks of peace, not engines of war.
1914: Germany::~monopolists of power and position in modern .
1914: Germany:France:~Alsace-Lorraine, which ha* always been a thorn in the side of  and a source of weakness to her, will be restored to .
1914: Germany::~The whole of tlie budding Colonial Empire of  wil] disappear. I hope we «dial I not take any of her colonies, for we Have enough and to spare already, and, in any case, Germany’~s overseas possesions are not of much account. Possibly we may consent to them being parcelled out equally between Russia and France, contenting ourselves with Togo I and, and passing Kiao-Chao over to Japan.
1914: Germany::~What Belgium's reward would be i* impossible to say. Possibly a monetary one. There is nothing territorially that could be offered this tight little kingdom, for one has to have regard in all these frontier adjustments to the sentiments and race origin of the people whose land it is proposed to divert. Belgium would never ask to be loaded with such a thankless gift as a German province that might be a canker to her as Alsace Lorraine has been to .
1914: Germany:Russia:~Assuming that the German attack on France absolutely fails, and that a similar fate attende the actions of the German fleet against ours, one must presuppose a tremendous wave of enthusiasm sweeping over the armies inVading  which dust carry them over the different frontiers well on the road to Berlin, writes a great military expert in London Answers. Step by step the German armies roust be imagined as recoiling, on the one hand, from the French forces, swelled by the British Expeditionary Army, and, on the other hand, from the enormous n masses moving with slow but irresistible momentum towards the same goal—Berlin.
1914: Germany::~sive character. The object of the victorious Powers will be to break up the alliance between  and Austria,* which has menaced the peace of Europe so long.
1914: Germany:Russia:~To those people who believe in the aggrandizement of Russia at the expense of a weakened  a possible attack on our Indian Empire, I would say that  has long since ceased to entertain designs on our great Empire.
1914: Germany::~I Roumani* would be territorially Ioss  . colonies will possible refuge for the Emper- ,„riched at the expense of Austria,	her to concentrate on the do
1914: Germany::~commercial interest in . Lorraine are certain. Equally cor- »tcad of wasting their money on	||	¦ ¦
1914: Germany::~Whether  will sue for for the reduction of armaments, peace before the invading armies ac They will insist on Germa ny re tually reach Berlin is of little im during her army to unformidabU portance. What is important is that proportions, and her fleet, if any before the German, armies are en ships be left to her at the conclu-titeJy routed, internal political con- *wi of the war, to such a number ditions will compel them to demand as will no longer threaten our su-an ignominious peace.	premacy. Austria will be forced to
1914: Germany:France:~When  brought  tect herself from Slav aggression.
1914: Germany::~If  survives, either aa a republic or aa a kingdom, she wiki be shorn of much of her strength, and, to ensure that the proper equilibrium of power is maintained On tie Çontjjpent, treaties safe
1914: 5ÿ~Krt?I trzm Germany, France te* ®*nts * day In their pay, so ft la
1914: Germany::~with the proceeds of such genero- cehed a secret report from tlic that ever happened.	*'ns* Woll,d have been spared had be soon, for , abut off ?ar’ then beating olive oil into
1914: then. As it i* Well hang him ' “Certainly, ’ said the obliging f>rfJJJ’a,ni,n® A disinterested p-ace. civilisâ~t ion to its utter destruction, ties Germany was formed and Ppr brushing d<K** a wav with th*
1914: Germany::~Mem alone is bvjieved to be not less	news concerning  and to
1914: Germany::~advertisement* <xf its member* only sir E. Guechen to Sir Edward Grey, try and of 's cultural to thoee foreign papers which pub- (ne^ived June 12.)	achievements.
1914: Germany::~man n concerning  and a1^.	explain a ^heme under which a	conshtingvf three men viz	know lodgement. But only the fu-
1914: rogued sine die. If it i»~ ever rea- vice to popularize Germany abroad. <>n account of a certain refreshing REPORT!	tized ils plan will have to he con It does not eeem to haveOccurred ; ingenuoiisnese.
1914: could obtain n »~ fair hearing be T, "A aui!) accepted defeat, parentljr inundM by the Germany <’om	I have, &c ,
1914: r,	1 • *	’ -n 4 ,f ¦~ y1.1'1	Press Bureau of	the Germ wi	For	Germany and German	interests, it	thinking of the digestible	qualities.
1914: Germany::~900,000) and it in well known that Thy wen is the owner of important-ironworks in .
1914: “All the machinery and material for the new works of the Société~ des Hauts Fourneaux de Caen wero brought from Germany. An astonishing number of railway trucks a closed railway wagons reached rtu? station of Caen. When opened, as recently as October 17, tl&ese wa-
1914: Major E. H. Jones, son of Colonel Jones, of Lianamilly, who was reported “~missing fighting at M< is, is a prisoner in Germany.
1914: Germany::~when tiH-v stir up trouble.	of  and her Austrian ally. , Krupp » competitor* regarded hi»
1914: tra^etr.mT’^ ^ Unâ~ble 10 Con* thing ificferThive ^dd Uu^ | 1 hare gained It pemnds in weight i^Germany w.I! «land "uk is able irngahn^diUdiVsTlïf '	]	and the money being distributed for through a summer of hard work and the firm belief of every member of an abundunce of water V
1915: Germany::~ent, dated Kiel. , in which 000 men working bv day and 3,000	dismount	from	our	armored	cat]
1915: Germany::~After graduating from the Berlin Gymmumim (ma college* are called n ), he came to New York City in order to learn American w*y*, aji<| was for some years in lihe banking house of I
1915: Germany::~Ills return to  he became u director of the Hank of Darmstadt. He stands for what ia m*M admira
1915: Germany:England:~The complaint of tlie President of the IT.'H. that American trade is suffering because uf British intfr* fere nee with American exports in neutral countries of contrabrand goods destined for  is open to the retort that America caused far greater hardship to  b.v
1915: voyage”—~which is the British com plaint at the present moment about contrabrand which America ships to various neutral ports, although every one knows the goods are going to Germany.
1915: Germany::~per s back, and pile up in a	perforated brass sheath fitted iith Watch chains and trinkets are not 's Keonomie Position Is
1915: Professor J. H. Morgan h«~A j translated into the English Ian-) guage The German War Book, a i manual of usages in war on land issued by the General Staff of the German aroiy. This is the most 1 autlioriVative work of its kind in| Germany. There is a reference in the introduction to “humanitarian considerations which not inf re-/ <1 uvntly degenerate into sentimentality and flabby emotion.
1915: Germany::~dients for filling : One cupful of mil-	ers, however, formed no less than	ways so. There are many cases on	navians countries into 	i I°r one-vear *n favor of that	coin
1915: \«~-ry nearly neutral easily discoverable. Germany making ready for the great war had
1915: Germany:France:~No splendor, there are plenty o' other witnesses to overwhelm the perfect complexion, intensely blue eyes with dark lash es, rich chestnut hair, and cameo like features of this enthroned beauty. It is strange indeed to think that after Louis Napoleon, William I., Bismarck, von Moltke, all the dominating figures of the Franco-Prussian War have been dust these many years, the bowed black shadow of that delicate loveliness still survives, watching ami waiting, with Germany and F at death grips once again is not her war now ; and although  is mightier than ever,  is no longer a corrupt and tottering empire, hut a vigorous young republic; and »ht does not furht alone. W hatever the end may be, it will be strange if those blue eyes that years and tears have dimmed survive to look upon it.
1915: d,t«~c4 Ht , no,	^	Xmany and Germany alone i. I onTth , !rH	, w h i U ti/wot
1915: France:Germany:~into . Imagine the failing . rjll r,lht , h r h lior^ watches and French and English crowded districts in . It mixed wèth a small amount of egg. quarter of a teaspoonful of salt,
1915: Germany:Germany:~In an article in the New York Times, written by H. U. Wells, but refused publication in Britain by the censor, the author seeks to give his personal views of the position of Holland in the present situation, for he holds that the I)utch hold the key to the problem. For the position of Holland is strung, as the risk of  attacking her vanishes daily, and she stands well with the allies. Were she now sub ject to any German outrage she could strike with her excellent army of 400,000 at Aix la Chapelle, and turn repulse into rapid disaster. Thus they hold a sword at the back oi the Kaiser, and they could cut the main communications of the German army in Flanders and capture enough Germans to open up the road to the Rhine, or, in fact, oould finish .
1915: Germany::~and crushing of Germanic power are very tempting and  must be crushed !
1915: Germany::~The price of participation with , on the other hand, is complete envelopment in the warm embrace of the “g<»od German brotherhood" —the gradual substitu-
1915: Germany:France:~, 804.533 from , 201,653 from Houmania, 265,843 from
1915: Holland:Germany:~But J have a sort of feeling for the reasons I have stated, that even without any serious breach of Dutch neutrality bv the German#,  may decide presently to And by coming in, there is some-1 put j,er troops beside the Belgians, mania, 5,208,700 bushels from Turk- thing mure than the mere termina- I ^nd if, as is always possible, the e) m Asia, 832,06. from 	tion of a strain and the vindication Germans do make	some	lumpish on
1915: Germany::~11,273.459 bumbel* from , and 2.007,765 bushels from Roumanie, 4 total of 22.454,683 bushels.
1915: Holland:Germany:~And I have a much stronger feeling that presently the Dutch government will a*k the Germans to time I reconsider their proposed annexa Holland may need to be a stronger <jun of Belgium. Upon that point country, for then she may lie alone ,  has absolutely dictatorial between Britain and —~a I power at the present moment. She dangerous position unless she ie1 could secure the independence of well prepared and protected. So! Belgium at the coat of a lit tile pa that the desire to be larger i* | per and ink. she could force Ger-tempting and she may yet join the | many to evacuate her sister coun-allies and France, Belgium, Hoi try by the mere movement of her land and Britain be hereafter join I army.
1915: Calumet Island—~Janie* Cahill	and	are, would mean Germany's	success, [	price.
1915: Germany::~v u 11 'n ' ,mv>, * ,u>Wv'* a,H* ( i ut 'l>.	,,Vvl thought seriously of  upon his promising never to
1915: Germany::~not blame , for she has al-	---------------*- or a very poor family that does not
1915: Germany::~upon a world of elaves.	I whether  will not prefer to |	. A	y' | tain Scott replied : “You relied en- B H lenruAt, Oen. Aft , 46 Yonge st
1915: Germany::~with it,  has said that these . *** e wani to*	0h* y6® 7°” do; I ders toward nourishing and	re fway **** draw,n* eaMI	^^nt
1915: GERMANY::~IF  WINS, WHAT?
1915: »~nd he <k>os not think that K. of troops are stilTforming in Germany oum<‘ fr°m *11 Darting from the . ... ...	]	** '	linfci, and tie superfluous water ii
1915: mistakes; he is by no means hlo«~*d- U1 a relatively better situation now less; he is not a woman hater, a# 1 lan seven months ago. be is Usually reputed, and is a . Germany s campaign at sea has , hacheW not from choice, having failed, ami though the German I been refused by the woman to navy doubtless will seek to attack ; w hom he proposed ; ‘he is so little ' an> detachment w hich can be taken of a machine that lie tan enter into at a disadvantage, there is no par-the trivial fun of a house party, tieular reason to expect that A<1-and he lias three hobbies- archi mira Jellieoe will be caught nap tecture. gardening and co^eeting. ping.
1915: now see the matter clearly, to the land my adoption. I want t state here before all my ; «~copie tin from this day 1 am unrein those who would overthrow this war spirit that has brought stieli grievous things to Germany and to tl of other countries.'
1915: Germany::~Albert Alba,  # greatest authority on nutrition and on the hygiene of sport, maya: “A healthy heart, after atrong bat not excessive exertion, ought to return to Its normal number SHAWVILLE 10f beat# within fifteen minutes after
1915: Germany::~with tiie American spirit than the Hungary and  for pre-	¦	^	to' the soup. and stir until thick ; artistic effect, and tiny pieces of the
1915: Germany::~( since 1864 lie* in the	It js a strange experience, writes	are wrapped in tarred paper the I bananas	in melted butter for five
1915: side of a wounded sapper—a reserv- boxes, such as tailors use, and I ?11 ?,are 1 ** xs 1 l<‘ 1 one fW»~ prevents the wear and tear given Tlie government of Germany is	;gt—and heard him tell of his life in	gum a strip of wrapping paper	ia a f<,mPressed v«'&st cake	die-	by the ordinary	stick	or	rattan
1915: Germany::~whole of . One of the,	strong in him. He described how,	placed in these boxes no additional I ougflily kneaded without sticking to	er jjgbes. Rub the	bowl in which
1915: Germany::~condition of serfs, and that they government which has long existed are ruled by a despotic ruler who is in  on the spirit and tern surrounded by an autocratic group per of the German people as a of high public official*.
1915: ¦of it»~ Germany met with » eerie» of sur
1915: Germany::~of  is the most autocratic *‘\Ve must not, therefore, accept in Europe ; that the people of Ger- the German view that his war is many do not know w hat political really waged to resist a new irrup-nnd social liberty is. He ad<ls ti«>n of the barbarians into Europe, without reserve that “Germans do it. js Ult,rv than doubtful whether not know how free peoples regard t|ie Kusaians are barbarians. It is the sanctity of contract, not only nuire than doubtful whether the for husmes# puvp«	but for
1915: In particular. Dr. Eliot delivers a scathing analysis of German eftv tiency, a* he sees it, “~which takes hold of every child m Germany at birth, ami follows every youth and every man and woman through life until death lie declares, ha* not brought forth a single one of many great discoveries in surgery, preventive medicine, chemistry, physic* or complex business organizations, a list of which he draws up in proof of his assertion.
1915: Germany::~Regarding American attitude toward , he sa vs :	It seems
1915: In the opinion of the distinguished educator the prospect is that the war in Europe will last until one or other of the combatant* is thoroughly exhausted. “~One cannot conceive of Germany submitting to defeat until she has exhausted her supplies of men, money and food.”~ He is also sure that equal difficulty will be encountered in conceiving that England will stop until she is thoroughly exhausted.
1915: “~But what aha 11 1 say of Russia i It is the momentary, yes, the rather permanent, belief in Germany that the Russians may he justly described as barbarians, semi-civi-
1915: Germany::~Exhibition, President Rate and 1,1 lmn- He say* lie is their debtor, | ' — Rifle. 4 feet, 1.4	tbe dread	disease.
1915: France:Germany:~For consumption alone there are scores of specifics not recognized by our College of Physicians. Thus, in Switzerland, the jwiiient must oat five or six pounds of grapes daily; in , snails and raw-meat. are warranted to make a sound man of him; in , salted herring-roes are said to
1915: the first the appetite revives : then P'ans presented themselves, but all l treated by a doctor and a French Officer (to released French food can be taken without pain and wcre rejected. Finally she picked y*<ialmt, hut nothing seemed to prisoner-of-war) • “Well how did the burden of indigestion di*ap-"P »~ catalogue that had fallen off me any anting g<xxl till I you gH on in Germany}” pears. The following case prove* Ith<1 book-stand, and was just going stftrUd to use Dodd h Kidney Pills, Soldier : “Splendid ’’’
1915: Germany::~had brought about a complete disas-  must be so dismembered .	nd hghtmg 1,nes of the date says it has information that the
1915: England:Germany:~ has permitted  to	Polish	front ........... 500	possibility	of foreign entanglements.
1915: Germany:England:~ prospered by selling finished | goods to  for twice the
1915: Germany::~574 of most of these Americans was the health resorts in  and Aus-856 (ria, but they spent a great deal of ; their time also in seeing the cities 543 j and especially Berlin. The money these Americans spent for hotel bills 218 and in amusing themselves has amounted as high as 800,000,000 marks ($200,000,000) in a 200 These very welcome sojourners whom we have seen in such large number# 31 in Berlin streets and in the corridors of our hotels we certainly wil! 17 miss very much this year."
1915: Germany::~sent the impotence due to their lack Never to travel in  nor per- playing in the present war, however, By and to climb upon trees, grass and of previous training. One girl, at mit any °* his family to visit there. it is necessary to bear in mind that leaves
1915: Germany::~thers' clothes and cutting her hair, The British Empire can do without | routes by which the ships of all population, she drilled regularly with one of the German trade; the loss to  of the friendly and neutral nations unrecognized volunteer corps, in tke British Empire’s trade will be bring the supplies necessary fori.—* which her efficiency was particularly worse than the loss of her whole fleet their well-being	1
1915: Germany:Russia:~The opinion in Austria and  hat the n army has received a .v from which it cannot recover.
1915: Germany::~British Writer Believes  Will
1915: "That it is due to the measures fot dealing with the submarine menace adopted by the British Admiralty thaï~ more ships have not suffered canno# be denied, and since those measures must increase in effectiveness with more time and experience, it may well be that Germany will find It not merer—------—	, _ .w—	....... | -* .... —.	^----------------	ly expedient, but necessary to an-
1915: There was « smile about his lip»— jn the "direction indicated. Huddled "to- the day Before when she had seen herself out of his reach Dy weeding a sir " replied me old fellow, sadly | arch-advocate of ruthlesaness on the a tender, boyish smile that would ther where the light from the fire Simonson leaving Muriel’s room. Be- hard-working factory lad. The heir-1 I ve been gey unfortimt the day." part of submarines now says that M have told the most casual observer fighted up their terrified counten- low him the flames were leaping at-law was not at all displeased with “How, James T" “~Weel, sir, I got a is an utter mistake for Germany to
1915: Germany::~Britain's Sea Soul of Resistance to .
1915: Canada:Germany:~ns for roasting tying the wings and Ever since the mapping out by the German mind, holding this view- cegi 0f the Company. Indeed,  The Canadian Red Cross has a spells dose together	and rubbing with	 of the so-called “war zone,	point, may regard laws for the pro-	needa chiefly a training school for	cial department in London, which has
1915: shallow pan three by three and one- ®ver»~ thiB country and Germany have	factive in extending the sphere of	men from the University or from the	be increased by an increase	in public
1915: Germany::~rights under	international law, face of  a plea of peculiar /nd transportation will be provided to	New York._I
1915: Lloyd, if you knew what *m suffer-, my man when he demands an en- solute, as if a cave in the woods con- “My child,” he said, slowly, “~I re- But Dr. Stein assumes a sweeping ed in mourning, whose face is furrowing tor my sin against h< > 9 trance to \ alworth s houst. A d tuined U8 ^th. You think you can gret more than I can say to hear this, victory for Germany, including the ed with care and figure bent with
1915: Germany::~In 1790 the work cows of  gave an average of a pint and a half a day. Interest in milk increased, and
1915: fits—~it has taught French women self-reliance in the struggle that goes on outside their own homes, and taught Frenchmen esteem for the many, abilities of their women. There are tions and high standard of morals, has many thousands of women who for passed away. Its place has been tak-the past year have conducted the en by a Germany one of whose prin-businesses of their husbands in the c{pal national characteristics is exmarket or on the farm, and among treme vindictiveness, and a catholic them, alas! are those who must con- capacity for hating other nations. Ac-tinue to do so when peace comes, cording to the testimony of all || These women in this dreadful year patent observers the hatred for Eng-have learned to know the world of af land which existed before the war fairs, and so have their sisters of the exceeded anything which we could poorer classes, doing man's' work in bave believed possible. It has, of the factory or the fields.	course, now been increased tenfold.
1915: Germany::~If the stains on a dirty mackintosh  s secret police are fur-	an(j j, made with or	with % yard 86-inch contrasting	many girls in the City on a $6.26 a
1915: London, Sept. 22.—~The events of end, and at least something would be the past three months make it un- done. If the nation could onh. realize necessary to demonstrate further how that it is not fighting so much against H Kreat is the effort which lies before militarism, or for Belgium, or for f:J uTa' liberty is to be saved in Europe, anything else, but just against itself, Now that Russia has been forced to against all that which has kept us evacuate not only Galicia, hut where we are, instead of the living Poland, every citizen of the Empire Empire we ought to be, there would must be able to see for himself that be more hope. Unless we first cast the war is likely to be a very long the beam out of our oyvn eye it is no business indeed, and that the cause of use shrieking at the size of the mote Liberty will triumph only if we put in the eye of another nation, and forth our whole strength. Germany until we do it our struggles and the has produced no Napoleon. But in heavy price of manhood we are pay the forty years that her General Staff ing will really be as vain as they has spent in working out the theory sometimes appear. Our light at proof the conquest of Europe she has sent is a peculiarly thick darkness, created a military system and a na- and great because so few seem to tional
1915: Germany::~time in abusing the sins of , It is this while we have dealt lightly with our of the own, that we have criticized our own r % | dissatisfaction and unrest which have Government unmercifully, and have manifested themselves in the body changed it, but that we have not yet politic in the last few months. In i,eKun to make the sacrifices and in-one sense we have nothing to be Çur the discipline that are necessary ashamed of. The spirit and bravery if we are to support our own brothers ! ! of the individual have been beyond all an(J our Allies at the front to the ut ; praise. The figures for voluntary en- most of our power. That individuals
1915: Germany::~remainder are distributed in Belgium and north west .
1915: Germany::~The secret of  s strength,	There	is no mystery about the quick	I would bend it to the ground, and ;	The French are a people passing	ness,
1915: Germany::~they ever were before we made a	ment and nervoue tension, the loss of	in ,uch a way that when he reached	, high In honor, thou	sacred
1915: most appalling «tory of VNJ'®~t th^ tier"	patched to Germany. And, finally, to	going to get into trouble for its sake,	The sailor father had wanted him,	allow	one of them to take a caning	4 . . .
1915: Germany::~Tbe most militant In form of European crowns Is that of , which shows eight shields bearing alternate black eagles mud Jeweled crosses, while poised on four swords blazing with diamonds Is a globe crowned with a cross of gold.
1916: “~There is small chance that the Allies will ever march into Berlin. But the 'invisible Invasion* is there already. The British navy is making its Fred T. Jane, the naval writer, ton- hand felt from the far away, tributes t# the London Sunday Pic- f "Germany flourished on her export torial mi article praising the work trade. That we have killed. She has done by the British aavy since the be- to fight on what she can import, ginning W the war. While Mr. Jane These imports the British navy is does net believe that the Allies will strangling, and will go on strangling, ever march into Berlin, he is con-1 The storm-tossed sailors of Jellicoe need that an “invisible invasion** is are doing their job.** being * arrive! out day by day by the
1916: Germany::~vy and that the effects are being foil more and more by .
1916: Germany:France:~"Many years ago the Kaiser declaimed Shot 's future lay on the water. Jt does, and a very black Academy of Agriculture of ," future it isl	and is in fact only a new form of the
1916: mum ion : ^ (1 a worse position, phey Supply Munition Workers With But a* a substitute for the natural ada. The British soldier gets a shil- with successful results, as well as tion °f masculine clothes and man-•Ball we «~ay.	J^ood at Cost	liml> ll 7 a Jhmg. comparp<1 to ling per day. In France and Germany, pleasant ones for the boy.	ners. As long as a woman retains her
1916: “~One by one and without much delay, all German oversea possessions were captured. Germany attempted to distract attention with a commerce
1916: I’~ncaped from a German prison camp after being raptured at Yprea, and after wandering all through Germany disguise d ae a German. Major P. Anderson who was attached to the 3rd Battalion, has returned to London with a thrilling ntory of adventure and
1916: After working his way to the ex-1 a (,ay when ihf> w»~nd down and treme south of Germany he turned I watch	carefully for straw sparks
1916: iron them. Where white silk gar- uashed afterwaids in hot water the Owen Long realized that his father “The chief ought to deal with him, “Father! I'm «n »1nd «n «j-wii»»~ notwithstanding Germany ¦ successes.
1916: Germany::~ments show signs of turning yellow it pan, Wl bt> as br!ght as ever-	would be quite capable of keeping his sir!" said the head clerk irritably. Presently the three sat together fIv	tbat  has probably
1916: up" your fine lingerie try making Paraffln A. small oil-can such as	“I wasn’~t	very keen on the grocery	the firm in a serious loss. The head	strong but overlook th-.t I'm rich 15* 11 haa in the p?8t Germany will
1916: came Maisie, wearing an opera-cloak Lu garde had told them that Hep- “~Turkish fare is distinguished by ztu> onp of Germany's greatest ill luck	K L. Smith; for ingenuous humor, Mr.
1916: Germany::~' ing with him is t-o keep him in a 1 state of fear; yet the Australians have done much for and with the natives in Papua, and they are managing their wards in the former German possessions with neither the rigor nor tiie exploitation, one or both of  displayed toward subject races. Indeed, the Papuan is not the hopetaM savage that hi is
1916: Germany::~tarif! treatment than  after the war Is over. Again, up to the present moment Great Britain has
1916: Germany:Canada:~completed with  on equal that  will put Into operation terms in her home markets and those the biggest national land settlement ,
1916: Germany::~only way for  to Win is to away, in addition, there has been force ln thp directorate of the Bank	explosive shell.
1916: ' yf ,uo,1K,na al' place you bleaching, wjth jjmt, as a(.cnt "'any has not been able In the small- "In conclusion, the Tribune express- pany asks one-twentieth part of tiié~ "hieh evidently owed their power ol savvy Dig fellow master. He strong h teeth blackened bv much e8t way to exert any force upon Great ea the belief that Germany, despite fhe purchase price in cash, and the settler 1 destruction to the extraordinary ve!
1916: Australian regime was the abolition j from petty l^eft ** murder. Paper’ ‘~ Either Germany would have to of slduounly ln America and
1916: Germany:Russia:~German employer. Nor were lashes he had inspected the list of thing# he "Before the war  domiii the only thing under the former must not eat. "No," said the doctor, sled the n market#
1916: GERMANY::~EMPEROR OF .
1916: Germany:russia:~There la no such person now a$ the emperor of , and there never has been so far as a Pn king la concerned. Further, there Is reason why such Is so. It Is no mere quibble over the form of a name.
1916: Germany::~Emperor of  was a title as sumed by Rudolph, count of Hapsburg in 1273. By the pragmatic sanction of 1439 the title, then held by Albert II., was conflned in perpetuity to the bouse of Austria.
1916: russia:Poland:~This succession come to Ian end in the person of Francis II., who after his crushing defeat by Napo j I eon resigned his title of emperor of Germany and took that of emperor of Austria, 1800. At the same time Austria withdrew from the leadership of the Germanic states, ami P a mere fief of , stepped Into the
1916: Germany::~William I. imagined then and contin- f ued to imagine to his dying day that he * bad a right to the older title, but Bismarck would bare none of It, and bis mandate, German emperor, became law. The reason was obvious, the emperors of  being the representatives of the ancient empire of the west, the Holy Roman Empire, a position impossible to the Lutheran de- j •~Cendant of Brandenburg electors Moreover "emperor of' meant, as In Russia It still means, sovereign lord absolutely of land and people. • i
1916: Germany::~g ary, and  ihe advertising propaganda dois not include the last four countries men* tioned
1916: ¦¦the world, hut something too for ,	°~ld chap, and let me see Youthful Germany is Imitating the thlr ^ vaids. At eighty yards you
1916: and a sun’s rising, whilst ail that her *vntl>’ before him to the door. war lhp numl>er of child criminals in sight is correct, 100 yards away, makes life valuable for them is fad- Whcn lhe>’~ bad gone Jim stripped Germany has been steadily increas- When the outlines of their faces are ing away under their eyes, fur want t,ff tll€ bedclothes and, as tenderly as in* until the average is four to five just visible, the distance is 200 yards; f that which to you is but a natural ni,ght be’ felt tor tbe injuries he could times as there were in jieace times. and when the face appears as a se-
1916: town»~ of Germany.	sight should be able to tell a man
1916: tablespoon of sifted flour to thv grease He who has once deviated from the “~a high functionary in Germany," prepared by the German General in the pan. Mix thoroughly, so there truth usually commits a perjury with who was closely associated with the Staff, are no lumps, and then pour in a half as little scruple as he would tell a Kaiser, and who held pro-British pint of rich cream or milk. Season j lie.—Cicero.	I views,
1916: “~Moreover, great changes are bo occur in Europe. The people will be sick of war, and the men who expected to die when there is will take action to protect themselves, their homes, and their families. William of Germany is the last of his house bo sit upon a throne.
1916: “~The Germany of the near future, in all probability, will be a socialistic
1916: “~Shortly after the Zeppelin airship	this, that we shall strike as soon as	favored th,s year, the fulness of the	Germany and ‘ts remarkable indus-
1916: Germany::~a second, and the time is approaching when the absolute and unfettered command of these waters will mean The following description of the more than anything hitherto to us, fighting at Ornes, by a soldier who and to challenge it will transcend all took part in it, is published in the other considerations in this war to Paris Matin:	. Knowing this, is the move-
1916: Germany::~If many turkeys are kept the use ,h ,l> tke Fiumli infantry haw with-	tercepted by a pane of glass which	to be unknown rather than ill known,	Then the	artillery began to roar on	lhc possibilities of . Prom
1916: Germany::~The Spirit of Our Tommies.	's position to day, in her	&7 to enter eating or drinking houses
1916: Germany::~Life here !, just one round o^pleasure. All one	as to do is heat	and	n11 blocUaded, ,nd like  she	,,ythvir par,nts or guardians. At
1916: France:England:~ and  fought for a Patch of high grass in which the pancentury, (1337 to 1437), while bhe ther was said to be. Presently, as Hussite war lasted nearly 30 years, we swished through it, my animal and the French civil war, provoked by paused and began to sniff with her the edict of Nantes, continued for a trunk. Peering down into the gross, long time. It required over 40 years I saw » email patch of spotted fur. to free the Netherlands from Spanish It looked like the forefoot of a panrule. The 30 Years’~ War secured re- ther. I took quick aim and fired im-ligious freedom for Germany.	mediately behind it in order to hit
1916: Germany::~formed in the dark, the bullet being	and	unable	to walk across his room,	vouver during the month	of March.	with 1.7 per cent. ;	, 1.5 per
1916: Germany::~Persons in  do not know, or know only imperfectly, what Dr.
1916: Germany::~Liebknecht said, but great fear prevails in  that to cover the loan the Government emptied the banks and kindred institu-The ten milliard loan is a
1916: Germany::~The conclusion to be drawn from the above is that it will he impossible for  to float any further
1916: Russia:Germany:~I German politics are taught by i Rutbenian and Ukranian teachers in 1 many of the Public Schools of the } province, and all people of this na-| tlonality in Manitoba are advancing the German propaganda, according to the statements of V. P. P. Hladyk, editor of the weekly paper, n People. He said the Ruthenians did not represent a nation, but a political party, built up by  for war purposes.
1916: In one of those tents at motoring outside Smyrna when a the time, not a hundred feet from number of Turkish boys set upon them where an Austrian shell fell, a great and Hung stones at them. The Eng-•~urgeon from Canada, whose name is li^hmen gave chase and eaugh known and honored among the sur- principal offenders. The eldest was geons of Germany and Austria, was asked why he had thrown stones, [foiling with his knife on the vitals “Hurriet of a young officer, using all the skill “There's liberty ami science that twenty centuries of we like now.” study have afforded the art of surgery, and one of these Austrian an<i I am at liberty to give shells might have wiped out that Kood thrashing, am I not?”
1916: “~Hunger is, generally speaking, the most powerful of the enemies which Berlin and Germany have.
1916: trouble. Baby s Own Tablets not asked in uprise. “~I can only see Costumes of Women in Germany Are
1916: Germany::~for roast chicken, sprinkle with emit Bread pudding with prunes in it returned to Berlin. He has been ab-  made in the decade during and pepper.*nitTw4fc butter, and ni**, can be ewnred with »~ lemon sauce, and sent from Germany almost all the time which he was Chancellor, on rack of muffin rings in satpepan	the whole fanvly will relish IL	since the beginning of the war, liter-	In his efforts for the material bene-
1916: Germany::~appeal to its old physician of the days of its prosperity. And if the whole constitution should be shaken as a result of the war and those who have been the conspicuous figures at the head of the State should be liable to be cast aside who better than the great leader of prosperous  could come forward to support popular throne or to reconstruct the edifice from the debris that he will find on hand ?”
1916: GERMANY::~WILL PROBABLY BE ASKED TO SAVE .
1916: Since the above w as put in type, the effect that Lee Gorp. Robert XX on! was received here on Tues- to the building, in w in# h a large Mr. R. XVoodley'* fears am to the \\\ XIcKechnie bad died from day that Henry Cline, well known I furnace has been installed. The fate of him non, have been relieved wounds received on June 5th i* to this vicinity a• a trapper and interior appointments of the by the receipt of a postcard from tortuntaely untrue. Information fisherman, was drowned in >> hite church, especially the altar and the latter, dated Dtilmen, Westf* received states that Robert is Lake on Monday last. The re- «~ccesmoriem, are very pretty. The Germany, June Hth, which Ma tat* doing nicely and expects to lie mains were brought to Shawville altar, pulpit, etc are all hand that he is a prisoner of war at that fork in the trenches -oiue time for Interment by Tuesday even- carved, and finished in pure white place.	this mouth.	'	log’s train.	¦ and gold, and are most artistic.
1916: Germany::~Treves Is probably the oldest city In  and contains more Roman intiquities than any other city In lorthem Europe, but I ta most famous MYssession Is the "holy coat" preserved n the cathedral According to tradition. this Is the identical "seamless *obe" worn by Jesus Christ and gambled for by the Roman soldiers at the foot of the cross.
1916: Germany::~German and Austrian newspapers coming to hand reflect the growing food shortage in .
1916: Germany::~rifty years ago, before tone famous y M. .Stanley, Chairman of the Me- benefit departments, special provision Seven Days' War, which ultimately dirai Board, Brantford, Ont ; W. G. is made for assistance to those of its resulted in the loss of Schleswig-Hol- Strong, Superintendent of Organiza- members suffering from tubercular stein to , the whole peninsula tion, Brantford, Ont.; VV. L. Roberts, trouble of any kind. A special grant is belonged to Denmark; but since then 1 *’irst High Auditor, Brantford, Ont.; made extending over a period of six the southern portion has been Ger- J- P H?«f> Second High Auditor, To- months with « view to assisting to
1916: Germany:Germany:~during the war, for undoubtedly many messages frem spies, especially during the early days of the war, were sent to  by this means. These messages of from 200 to 300 words can easily be carried from the F.asl coast to parts of  in a day. During the siege of Paris in 1870, __ j when 3633 birds were sent out of the doomed city, one bird succeeded in carrying to the outside world on one trip no fewer than 40,000 messages.
1916: Germany::~Mr. Narodney says that beside these banks and stores, 116 peasant commercial institutions have placed or-, and not without reason in ders in New York for
1916: Germany::~States in .	Having	removed	mes, and the chic little shoulder capes	et* c^a^r8 completed meagre furnish-
1916: Germany::~their berth* in the hold and lost A letter from Pte Clifton Wood* their live* ley. a pri-oner of war at Dolmen, cata-trophe arc , wa* received by hi* Quyon father on Tuesday last, which til a
1916: How comes it that the best cartoons drawn against the Germans are the work of a “neutral”—~Louis Rae-maekers, the Netherlander? Perhaps geography enters into the answer of this question. Holland borders both on Germany and Belgium.
1916: Germany:Holland:~Obviously, what  did to Belgium she might still do to  even though the likelihood of that catastrophe diminishes as German
1916: Germany::~Ontario are running far behind the land and , says the New, the freak fashions that have appoimi	.
1916: Germany::~labor sufficiently skilled to make de- SUaded that if  ever swal-	the spinal cord which is the specific j each year at the Canadian National	giver but give excellent remuneration,
1916: Germany::~the machining and assembling plants,	to  in at least two ways,	produces most cruel deformities in-	start> on a tour aroUnd	the	world)—	board hut also feel that you are help-	*jamP for particulars.	National
1916: Germany::~army corps to , giving by high fever.	_______ vest the great crop on	which	so	pany. 73 West Adelaide street. Toronto.
1916: Germany::~1.	To call the attention of all those 's right flank. Neutral na- harm but often it increases and runs	------ ----------------------------------,>------
1916: Germany::~service and the great responsibility j  has invented a curious which is followed in a day or so by thp drug c]erk were sitting at the resting upon them as individuals to fusion of sentimental, racial, • geo- paralysis.	club window when a richly dressed
1916: Germany::~their best in this great struggle, (es-	to . During the first year	mity. If the leg be lifted only a
1916: George and Queen Mary, who had the wuri “~nil on that object all its of- By fur the most popular silks for come to Germany for the wedding of	f°rt* arc concentrated, says London	dresses just now are Mie taffetas.
1916: these liquids and add them to the teaspoonful salt, half cup molasses, talmaison, and that “internal col-1 ,n tb(-‘~greets of Petrograd the war flour, mixing the dough lightly with two teaspoonfuls soda, two cups sour lapse" in Germany upon which many mCl 's	cx® ¦	.	,,
1916: the wharf A big hand dragged him impregnated stone that is well known ‘~ mission. One was a boy of the con , In prekhakl days It may have been magnetism and bodily temperature an ***ce 0f rubber leaves Germany from hie neat and Constable Murphy to ^ geologist But this bank took tlngent of 181S. of childish aspect, who our idiosyncrasy to mumble odd ex are causes are denied bv investiga the wharf policeman, caught him a Ha namP from the tw ^masted fishing [every time volunteers were asked for cerpta from Wagner. Grieg. Schubert. tors- Rather, diffirent rhythm w of
1916: “~Oh, Horace, how dreadful!"	she sort of corroborative evidence seem-	bn.pped	the	wrong Leg.	caves, and remain in safety, except aries ,<,twevn ' ranee and Germany, tained at luncheon by the Lord
1916: She came beck five minutes Inter. Thirty shillin*,." “~Well, give me a creep back, hunt out the entrance to1	calculation Germany can only put into
1916: That is different from the old phrase: “We’~re winning. Victory is certain for Germany," and it is a long way from the acknowledgment of defeat or possible defeat. There are times when the pessimists among us are tempted to think that the Germans have mysterious reserves of strength from which they can heal their wounds, and that the success gained is only local, and has not yet injured the German war machine in any vital part or struck a blow which has reached to the heart of the Ger-j man people.
1916: Germany::~stone columns and wide and high win- for 0^V|0US reasons, be cited here, but but he was forced to wait another day, spirit of civilian  there is dow spaces, the sides being merely a ^ arc no jess impressive.	and after supper he started out for a rising anger against those who made
1916: a fluent speaker I HI ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦~ sentence, however cleverly cloaked, was apparently permeated by the desire to attack this country, to whitewash Germany, and to dishearten the civilian population.
1916: Germany::~the enterprise was inaugural the  made stream» efforts to ntfC0*ary private hTcome incid^nuîto Th°	!ln^red> *?d *" • ,ar^T “Coachman, to the station!	| The appeals which the authoriti
1916: Germany::~Magdeburg, , has written	St- Andrew* night which was a
1917: Spain:Holland:~in many households that breakfast through a colander; add two table-, practically every country of Europe has become a monotonous 8UCC< sslon j gp^nfuia 0f horseradish to each cup-i under his control except Great Britain of cereal, boiled eggs and toast morn- ^ ^ bean9# put them between very and Russia. Freedom was crushed ing after morning. But this need gijces of brown bread with but- under his feet in all Germany, Italy, not be, for it offers am many chances ^er and i^tle prepared mustard. Cut , Portugal, , Belgium for variation as do other meals, if in- funcy shapes.	Austria, etc. In 1812 he led the great-
1917: Germany::~i 's pro|»osal as a peace offer «11, but rut liei
1917: A thin, sharp-featured spinster, belonging* in	^	^	‘"l" w‘	^ter “~ 1!*	be tttkpn over by Mr. Hodge as the land between France and Germany, military statistics, the British airmen
1917: T ve enlisted, mum; and I made "What d’you think? She couldn’~t	petition Germany will be compelled	to	Mr* Barnc9» who is 67» «Parted as a	bandit, we must be grateful to the	Atlantic liner. In the wars of the fu
1917: Germany::~A sentence of 12 years' Imprisonment has been passed on Pte. W. (Billy) Brooke, son of Mrs. C. J. Brooke, of Ottawa, by the German military authorities. It Is believed that Pte. Brooke refused to make munitions, which would be used against the Allies. The charge he was found guilty of was mutiny. On a postcard written on October 18 from Cologne, , Pte. Brooke
1917: Germany::~get warm evenly.	If it	is overheat-	though hitherto disguised under false	0f  has brought our own
1917: devoted to potatoes last year, she	0f t^e iarge potato growing	sections,	1-n,8Ura.nce a®ainet fankei	®~nd r0l,P*	district.	The hall at first was pretty	eran.	latest move of Germany to such an ex-
1917: Germany::~For a long time, under protest from a powerful party in the empire,  held in leash'the Aihmarine for m 4 fear of offending the U.S. To-day she has thrown off the mask, and comes out in her true colors, defiant not only of her enemies but of the civil-
1917: Germany::~A It is an even  to take, and it is only natural to assume that she takes it In
1917: Italy:Germany:~tain. France,  , Austria,	ui«ht- Tlu‘-V highly of
1917: Germany::~a year and a half more than  tensile strength by machines of such <lt a**m<*l hours) when the boatswain neignoors 10 nu> your	, g
1917: Germany::~Months Than  in Forty Years.
1917: InrrLif. th \ . i..n nv	The cow due to calve soon should be (’oîlfitriiction and (arc of Hot bed and Cold Frame—~Both Are of throughout Germany:	matter ? Nothing like this is too
1917: It will be a great saving	around If you thin out the overcrowd-	frame should be twelve •~ inches high ** constructed in much the same way j camps of Germany. As a matter of
1917: Germany::~tritioua, milk-producing ration while	to be fertile than those which come	M the hotbed is to be on annual af much water. It is best to keep the not a Britieh soldier in  who lht* Possession of one fan
1917: Germany::~making a motion towards his hip 1  in the oil fields of Rou- tion, mav take a purchased homestead povket, caused the German offleer to mania.	„	in .vrUm district*. Price *3.00 ncr
1917: bombardment and had been over- «>00. Roumanian output of oil was Holders of entries must count time ot looked by the British soldiers in •~ per rent, of the world's production employment as^ farm labourers in Can their cleaning up process.	in 1911. Germany's conquest of the ada during 1917, as residence duties tin
1917: Germany::~Students' Union, of which he was extra supply secured when  vice-president. He was president of speeded up production, the Football Club. Lieut. Johnson's Oil drillers from Lambton County home is in Ottawa, and he went over- report that the Roumanian produc-seas a year ago, and since going to	0°n of oil will be absolutely nil
1917: Enquiry at the h*»~ad office of the Imperial Oil Co. to-day did not bear out the theory that Germany could not sink new wells in the Roumanian oil fields in less than three years. Reports of destruction are so complete as to make It certain that Germany cannot get oil without sinking new wells fields oppose a hard formation to the drills and the authorities of the Imperial Oil Co. state that six months is a minimum time for drilling s shallow well in Roumania and eighteen months a minimum time for the deeper wells. British engineers and Canadian oil drillers seem to have combined to disappoint Ger many's hopes of securing an Immediate supply of oil from the Roumanian wells.
1917: Canada::~him that, in many cases, the suffering was due to lack of foresight. In  many people buy in small quantities—often only one ton. If, for any cause, there is a shortage of ï~oal, improvident householders dework started. After numerous dlffl- mand that the coal dealers do the culties and setbacks from time to mpossible, namely, that they supply Ume he produced a doll which. It Is fuel that is unobtainable. Whereas, claimed. Is better than those pro- lad they purchased their coal In the duced In Germany. The head is summer or autumn, there would be better and will stand much more impie supplies available, hard usage. One large wholesaler While some large consumers, stated that the doll Is excellent and such as manufacturers, cannot store will find a big market if the price Is j & six months' supply,
1917: Germany::~steered his fingers	back to port on,His voice	was	trembling as he	spoke,	meadow. How green the world was,	th nreservation f	democracv * and	and harred the	way	of 's	have been transferred into a hospital,
1917: the honor roll oi Shawville O. i. Westmeath for interment. The ant, so he went to the peasant and “Cy" delivered n new “Mcljiugh- B. Lodge, and he is the first of the funeral took place on Saturday asked him about it But the peasant Six” at Dr. Hindman's, Bryson, member-of that lodge who enlist- la<t to the Westmeath Cemetery, said: 'I can't tell you. I promised the on Friday, returning with the ed to fall on the battle field. One The deceased was a son of Mr. king I wouldn't tell the answer till I “Ford”~ which the Dr. has been other has been wounded and one and Mrs. Ben Dickson, who re- bad seen his face a hundred tim, ,' using during the past two seasons, is a prisoner in Germany. The cvntly removed from Westmeath Oh, that’s easy!' said the king's friend
1917: Germany::~The employees in 1913 on the railways of  numbered 786,466 and were paid on the average $408.97 per year, thirty-eight per cent, of the gross earnings. In German, all classes of freight considered, one and a third cents, or 18 mills, collected for each ton of goods
1917: Italy:Holland:~effect in Great Britain, France, Germany, Austria, , , Den-
1917: GERMANY::~AIR TRIP TO  TOOK
1917: Germany::~where men who have been so injured t is 44. Tbe yield of barley Is 29.7. In it the war that they are unable to  each acre produces thlrty-elx -eturn to their former occupations bushels.
1917: Germany:Germany:~icre. In Germany it Is 183 bushel* The average yield of wheat hero is 15.9 jushels. In  it is 32. The ,-ield of oats hero is 37.4. In 
1917: Germany::~rears ago  raised only 119 jushels of potatoes, nineteen bushels )( wheat, twenty-five bushels of oats ind twenty-three bushels of barley to ho acre. Tho German soli Is poor, fho German climate is unfavorable U
1917: •To .bow the extreme Importance of larger than h«t of Tews together [Saskatchewan ... Alberta. Applicant this matter of a new type,”~ said Ad with all the New England states. Tk# mirai Sims, “~w hen Great Britain first extreme northern part of their country built these vessels (swift and powerful ia the coldest region on earth, the tern-battle cruisers) extraordinary preeau- pernture falling to 80 and U0 degrees lions were taken to prevent her possi below zero. There the soli is eternally ble enemies learning their character!*- frozen for hundreds of feet below the tics. Great Britain had a numl>er of lurface; even at the height of summer armored cruisers, and Germany had a only a yard of unfrozen soil veneer* number of them. Great Britain knew the admixture of earth and Ice, afford-that if she could build a number of Ing foothold for the gray tundra moss these battle cruisers that had battle- and occasional patches of grass and ship guns and twenty-eight knot speed dwarf willow.
1917: Germany::~her supremacy in the  of | ijF	dlerGenerali I ooml* nan He went	Machine and used one bottle of Ham	In some Canadian cities Manitoba	For Free Sample Each by Mail ad-
1917: ¦~ leans on Germany. The connection ia very intimate and strong. Moat of the Austrian and Hungarian industrial papers, shares, and values are quoted and dealt in outside of Vienna —only in Berlin.
1917: Germany::~After the war. not only ,
1917: soon in communication with the an- phyll green. Chlorophyll gives to the Belgian women who was working with History knows two Germanism, archists. Believing in the »~upposed |eaf jte w|tr||)| tint, and on the pre- the commission step over to the line There is e Germany which ie very
1917: Germany::~Her investigator renortad that the This is where autumn begihs its panied by the screaming of the child, pies of other tongues and other lands rVpLfTha wirr* beautiful fJ',	extraordinary work. If the chloro-1	Tussled, Mr. Hoover questioned	one	It la a  of love and romance,
1917: prised nor disappointed.	perish with the “fall of the leaf/’	“~They are of normal weight/'	she	and of literature, the Germany of	folk
1917: House of Mystery with	a note ad	kingdom, and “man the	biped”~ would	They must wait until their weight ie	Germany	that exists to-day only in
1917: . - ,f>rrlvgd at Kelly »~ head Long before the leaf falls the chloro- with food. This may be perhaps one has been. It is a Germany that has KThET a Dart m r nt " "	*	” U	phyll	la yielded up to the	parent stem,	or two or three days. Only those who	been transformed by a despotism that
1917: Germany::~m \	I challenge the denuded foliage gives as our au-! starving to death under our eyes may  of the clanking sabres and
1917: Germany::~Dr. George Mivhaelas, apjkointed to the German Chancellorship only a short time ago, has Iteen forced to resign by the force of the hostility which all i>olti-cal iArties have arrayed against him. The spirit of unrest in  is related to l*» growing daily.
1917: Germany::~continental trade relations. bach milea across  in July.	province* for presentation at the Yhlin FYEjNoSeartmi.JBitEyeCemUrt they can be replaced immediately with
1917: Germany::~$20 per month will receive $30, the ex- Tablet Unveiled io Late Private preme sacrifice; Harry Murton, a tra ten dollars representing the increase	Wilmer C. Armstrong.	prisoner in  ; Jimmie Col-
1918: Germany::~straw is treated with water the ex- political designs of 's agents	Survey is making an ef- hideous policies of the other nation *nd ,tUrb “ Plece of string to it. ha. already been used with economic
1918: Germany::~If they continue, tliis aggregation will soon be the one to beat : but the ladies clearly demonstrated the fact that they are son* team. Six-man hockey w.v> r the power which rules  from I played - regular professional style and
1918: Germany::~No man is allowed to enter  bygones be bygones? It’~s true, HI Russia without being thoroughly | used to be a policeman. But that was
1918: Germany::~Then fore, friend or foe, nobleman or yeasjint. nobody, is allowed to cross he threshold of  without a
1918: Germany:United States:~The real food situation In  is the Important puzzle of the war. The  food administration has got hold of some figures on the
1918: Germany::~We are sorry to hear that Master bought for $40 a ton; since Its Impor* ceived by the food admiriNtratlun are Percy Dahms had the misfortune of tattoo from  ceased It has correct and are not supplemented by getting his leg broken.	risen to $450 a ton.	other rations not mentioned, the civil-
1918: Mr. I»~renzo Smith is at present visit- O. C. Hopkins, In The Forecast, de- Ian population of Germany must lncv-ing friends in Bristol.	scribes the harvesting of the glgaiv c Itably be wenk<‘niiik’ fast	*
1918: Germany::~A bronze gun captured by the Canadian troops overseas from the  will be used by the British authorities for the manufacture of Victoria Crosses. The gun in question was captured by the 68th Canadian Infantry Battalion, and Sir George Perley, in a letter to General Mew-burn, Minister of Militia, states that he has agreed to its being turned over to the British authorities. Sir
1918: Germany::~furUted!'1 Sh/feared nothing in the Whet the Recently Signed Treaties world, but went boldly up to the big	Mean to .
1918: Germany::~captain of the Invading party. She Severe| drcummtance* In the last was a very small woman and must weeke point to a new orientation have looked to the Hun like an angry 's policy, d possible attack
1918: Germany:Canada:~Proceed to the transmission if that eu at.	 Mans will perhaps never be known., ^ worked was because she recogniz- hn_Bagdnd Railway,  is again men who seek my advice about go. n ..	No country to which war has been ed the rights of all.	reaching out to the East, and the pow- ing to . I ask them if they
1918: The British War Office, which is not uge of fircpr0ofing materials. In a over 50 when she died at Newcastle, wart| the ikon in their word. I hear Aq.ç~g delude themselves with the idea fact that the trained man in what-particular where its fighters come gma|j toxvn in Ohio, Hollandsburg, the i England, last November. I fancy that them now as I write. I do hope," she thgt Germany i8 exhausted and con- ever line it be, from blacksmithing to from so long as they do their trench villagera and the farmers within a the Serbians loved her because she had added wistfully, "that the committee tent themselves with talking while she doctoring, is the man we want in job thoroughly, is satisfied with " The ; ^jins of five miles have combined a determination equal to their own. I approve of this. It means so |g acting?	Canada. He is the man who will get
1918: Germany::~comfortable quarters.	Thames and Grand rivers in Ontario. to	*be air in the underground different branches.  has scor-
1918: Germany::~I* ranee an'  ain t a-go n to ^ want for water when in bloom, pray 'Im into it!”
1918: Germany:Russia:~I The Ukraine, which is reported to I lave concluded a separate peace with . is a territory of some 850,-)00 square kilometres, one-sixth of 's area, and of this total over half—53 rer cent., to be exact—is •~armed, the highest European cultivation average, with :be sole exception of France, which has 56 per ?ent. of tier area under crop.
1918: Russia:Germany:~The Ukrainian copulation in Eu ope Is roughly 30,000,000, of which t5.OOO.OOO are Russian subjects, and hough they have fretted for centur-ee under the n yoke, they have no love for Austria, and both late and fear . Should they *tabllab themselves as an entity af-Ler the war and annex the two Ruth ;nlan provinces now held by the dual empire, then Austria-Hungary will Ind herself flanked by an ambitious date little deficient to herself, either in population or resources.
1918: down. My first impulse was to close 0f continual disappointments, he ' î~hat Germany wil he defeated. She ,t |g only the short lighted who be-
1918: Germany::~western front recently. They have "When the war broke out we were been stretched along the battle line, told In  that we had not done filling in gaps, strengthening the enough to make sure of the moral line and covering the retirement of conquest of the world, that our re-the infantry. During the first three sources in the matter of secret agents days of the Teuton drive the mounted were too small and our methods too accomplished valuable work, old fashioned. Instantly there arose a fighting mostly on foqt. Dismounted number of persons quick to undercavalrymen held the Ollezy-Ham stand the magnitude of the opportun-line, where the fighting was terrific, tty that was presented, and all these
1918: “~All it has shown is that Germany still has a large reserve of strong men of military age.”
1918: Germany::~What  Has Lost.
1918: I didn’~t know any better "In our dugout in Germany we had P^ube and a^ow to dr>" twenty-four to a little thought they could be arrang-
1918: Germany::~that  had to lower her bread	’~	At times the men became so deeper- Canada has been called the granary uniting with their neighbors, Hun-
1918: Germany::~trians during	\	. The eyes that watched in vain.	P1**1 **d method.	the desert and sUrted on a career of water to rinse them and to prevent f peace of the Bolshevik: with .
1918: Germany:Russia:~When  sliced off great pieces of n territory it was the Ukraine that was regarded as a particularly rich plum—the Ukraine pleasantly stored with grain so badly needed by the German army and the home population as well.
1918: Germany::~wind their way through UtUe valleys	better than during the present year.  has been devastated In every	TUMORS. LUMPS. KTO.
1918: Germany:Spain:~It looks as if 's ruthless, in sine submarine policy is going to drive  into the war on the side of the Entente. Spam all along has preserved rather u friendly neutrality towards the Hun, although she has lmd occasion more than once to act otherwise as is also the case of every neutral nation using the high seas.
1918: Germany::~I North American Review, not less than i American army will soon exceed that eleven successful adventures of this j of , and these seem to te the kind have been made by these swift ' chief factois In his confidence of the Italian torpedo boats, and much dam- military defeat of (JerlTitwiy which Is sire done to tJie Austrian nhv>	not now merely possible, but certain.
1918: As the premier states “~The people who made the war" must be dispossessed of power. The only Germany with which a peace can be made safely, Ir a Germany freed from Prussia, and this severance Is not likely to take : place until Prussian Militarism is crushed.
1918: Germany::~her by .
1918: He could play Devil's Dream" be- welcome. lie sat his basket on the, “Ohm? In—~er -Germany, of Under these circumstances, workers
1918: Germany::~Youthful criminals in  in 1914 numbered 51.500; last year. : 177.000.
1918: Germany::~In , I believe 1 have had ex- ( heat sanatorium and hard work the “ "tro"* Pcr*«,nality. and one feel; periences which are worth relating, best cure-all.	somewhat afraid.
1918: Germany::~sort. To speed the work of the pris-	out of the world. The priceless, lain' an<* , is spendng the	4# bust.	No. 8518, Ladies’	Four-
1918: Germany::~zealou/in their work, Colonel Callus captives by putting the matter before with $442 24, and  next, with informed them that all of the civil- the proper atithorities
1918: Germany:France:~Assuming 's financial bur den to be 100,  has to bear 138 and Great Britain 174.
1918: Germany::~Give the air a drink out of a pan cf tke aeu which  has so in toad of out of your skin. Evapora- Ioilg coveted, but which has been the i lion fro# tho skin renders ore sus- Qndisputed yosscssion of Britain since ceptible to colds, catarrh and other Trafalgtr, a possession ratified by the diseases erf the respiratory organs. fiItat t>attlc of Jutland,, which the inAs much, if not more, attention rcngate vanity of the Kaiser heralded ; should be paid to the humidity n*d- ad a victory for the German fleet!
1918: Germany::~wig be brought back to  to-1 Bay, is spending a few days with her the charge of their being re cousins, the Misses Beulah and Myrtle
1918: Sept. 19—~Argentina breaks rela tions with Germany. >	1
1918: Aug. 2.—~ Germany demands passage tnatic r e 1 at ion* with Germany, through Belgium.	Oct. 12—Von Capclle resigns as
1918: Germany:England:~to Germany demanding observance of Belgian neutrality.  rejects ultimatum, and makes attack on Liege.  declares war.
1918: Nov. 20—~Russian revolutionists offer separate peace to Germany.
1918: Germany::~prisoner convicted of a foul murder,  with the Judge putting on his black cap to pronounce sentence the spirit of Britain to-day. She , Turks Is thinking of her million dead.”
1918: Germany::~v .	Flexion—Bending, as limbering up paste tissue.paper under the rents and
1918: Aug. 13—~Greece now at war with Germany, Austria, Turkey and Bui-
1919: Germany::~turn to . Their wings nre fewe cour. . meal time Peoole nut crackers with whole nuts, so tachio nuts, peanuts, brazil nuts, andi Sweet odors are of three kind Tonio was the life of the sala, the clipped. The British female pigeons va be }	*	’ ,	« nourished „n that «ach	may crack his own even mixed nuts of all descriptions. | the floral, the aromal and the balsam-
1919: Germany::~graves flanks the trenches could fail	,	Sleds Drawn by Dogs.	the greatest figures in  in re- ' colony.
1919: Germany::~the shortage of labor on farms. The0f some vital constituent in an ap-	For the Sucking Pig: The winter	way, and in  in 1916, the im-	which another loO,000,009 bus he is	of
1919: Immediate Help Needed to Relieve Starvation and Suffering—~Cannot Hold Germany Responsible NOW I
1919: Germany::~furious attacks upon the were a menace both to themselves which provides that the associated and to any living creature who might Governments shall have the right to _ buried then?. The gendarmes BWeep up aj| mine Helds and obstrue-were quick to see this. They ordered t- lai(1 |,y  outside German off the Australians and assigned the work to 4 he Red Croas man
1919: Electrical worker»~ in Germany havi living orJy ft>7 a dtfV
1919: Germany::~like a submersible	mg plate inside to put	the device to	are marching into , None	j U3t ^ut not jca8t, there is a sym- 1 it ?s and How dangerous, but few know
1919: Germany::~Apart from this, the people do not	amount of food in  to nour-	when they were under British pro-	Wo are uged to thinking of mins as	part of the British Navy. Not a word,	bay>»» or hospital, where the sick
1919: Germany::~nm not prepared to say that the num- food to the detriment of the small that under  the people mogt 8pic.nai<| monument; they will submarines.	of much experience,
1919: France::~same was noticeable in  where. The Boche is always a Boche, and In the Cameroon* under the Ger- and gecond battles of Ypres and the tho destroyer that needed badly the Although all her time is spent in JiS well known, the civilian popula- does not understand being treated like mans “cocoa slnvoiy <ll ini' wor>t gtami in the spring of 1918; and “mother ship’s” care gdde out of harbor, each parent sb'p h8s more Lion was kept by its oppressors on % gentleman, says “A Londoner” in kind prevailed. .Men were taken by j beyond all these victory, remember- • the line and slide alongside tho big than enough to do in catering for the verge of starvation. It is, how- the Evening Standard. When our ! *orce from tlic nat$vo vllja^es and ; ing the struggle too well to boast. • parent ship. Soon tho damaged cnch 0f iicr precious charges. With-ever, mainly in the old people that fim ^alry detachments penetrated compelled to work on the cocoa There is more piety than revenge in bridge, the broken mast, or maybe out the tender care of a “~mother signs of the shortage of supplies arc jnto Germany they sometimes found plantations where they died like this memorial; it speaks silently and a troublesome turbine was taken in @hip” the destroyers and submarines to be seen. One gets a general i themselves at night in some village flies- 0n* chief mentlon8 ”av,n* for itself of the wrong done by the ! hand and the damage repaired, and would have fared very badly during pression that elderly folk are.pre-' U)wn wet antl colt1 and far ahcad 80ni eevcn mcn ln tw® different j Germans, but it remembers the the little craft was able to join her the hazardous four and a half yean maturely	aged	and	decrepit, and emit- j of there'	suppl$cs of fpod and foragc	years; in the first year four of thoj steadfastness of our two	countries	ei8ter ships at the buoys, fit	again to 0f war.
1919: Germany::~the lesson to be derived from a rather perfunctory glimpse of food conditions in  seems to me to be that an adequate supply of food is to be had
1919: Germany::~A Handley-Page aeroplane, with Thc most prominent feature of the four 350 h.-p. Rolls-Royce engines, whole food situation in  : flew from Belfast to Sheffield, 194 seems to be the incompetence of the miles, in 2% hours, with a total Government arrangements for the weight of twelve tons on board,, indistribution of supplies. Whether eluding the crew of seven, and a half ono went hungry or not became a a ton of baggage. “This is the big-question of the state of one's purse.
1919: Japan:Germany:~The action of  in insisting on the retention of the Marshall Islands in the Pacific, instead of submitting them to the mandatory system to which Great Britain and other countries are willing to lend adherence in respect of the disposition of former German colonies, is causing Australia some alarm. The Minister for Labor and Industry In the New South Wales Cabinet, now in London, points out that resolutions adopted by the Federal Parliament of Australia with respect to the future control of German colonies in the Pacific are inspired more by the fear of future wars than from n desire for imperial expansion, to which the democratic feeling of Australia is opposed. The unanimous feeling is that former. German possessions must in future be used as colonics and not as naval bases, with very little colonisation, ns was ’s practice.
1919: out to prevent wastage and to store ^y m many ways. One of these, IXfenile ™~Fnirflunli^Md heTrt You *ro ^""elf. the dearest, from Germany.
1919: ner neau in, answer to ms tow "Helen, i !!,a* 3 all anybody will want to know, there was a systematic removal of all No matter how well a houfe " when may I see you ?”~ and hurrietfby,1 m m love with year ancestors, tho machinery, which was dismantled built tho window wishes become	loose	wi thout a word, her face averted.	?r; WJy1	your, relatives, or your	and	sent to Germany. The names of
1919: to the family in the daily menu. To fully.	I hiding behind those two rascally in- est of ®~Pun cold. It'* just because the stolen machinery from Germany,
1919: Germany::~least until  is admitted to
1919: Germany::~It Lie clubs are springing up all over .” For instance, the Koen-[
1919: Germany::~their services, should  go	to	calmly appropriates millions of	the	31 commenced the	re-establishment	With this object an appeal has been	so hc went t0 Alabama, worked as a	near took a shot at him.	The shells
1919: Germany::~the sea for miles around in every di- destroyed of all the natural resodc-	ery and live stock, which has been |	PolIock and Bord	a gang of coolies building a light rail-	clothes and other	assets, was transaction was taken, and a military es. Lands, mines, and fisheries are	carried off into  by the in-	(;ha,Ie# Bereef()rd- °n the board are	way through the Jungle. The moment	ferred to It.
1919: they returned to the mainland of fishermen, careless settlers, *nd of their sufferings to a spirit of “~Bri- Sacli Is the description of thc gal- ! 0f the ills he feels, or the aches be food poisoning in Glasgow which was Germany every resident of the island. ' others cannot usually be accused of ^ for the Belgian ” voluntary com- ,ant flght made by tbe Molly Pitcher	knows	j due to the eating of potatoes con
1919: Russia:Germany:~The rest of Europe, to go no runner. food untl ln no other way is in various degrees on tha verge of gatC8 wille and iel f00d flow into these famine, with  at the head of the stricken countries freely and plenti-hunger list, and Austria.  and fully, or at least as plentifully as the
1919: Germany::~kind of preliminary peace In which  obtained certain guarantee» ou the basis of Mr. Wilson’s fourteen points. Only the Socialists admit that the situation Is such that the German Government will have to accept the Allies' peace conditions, however hard they are
1919: Germany::~It seems to me that only the Socialist# In  understand that the basis of the armistice was an unconditional capitulation ; the others seem to imagine that the armistice was a
1919: Germany::~According to a new article which it is proposed to insert in the Peace treaty, William Hohenzollern, ex-All--Highest , will be tried for his “supremo offence against international morality and the sanctity of treaties" by pecial tribunal of five judges, selected, from each of the five big [towers. According to a second new article, per-¦ recused of violation of the laws 1 customs of w ar, will be brought before military tribunals and if found guilty, “sentenced to the punishments laid down by military law.’ article provides also that the penalties shall Ik* meted out by tribunals of the
1919: Germany::~Various theories have been advanced to account for It, and among them none has seemed more reasonable than that which traces the cause to the methods which  introduced, almost from the beginning, into the conflict.
1919: Germany::~of , is reported to have mad
1919: Germany::~claiming & greater Syria to consist of fleer was Instructed to take .up the Palestine, Beirut, Lebanon and parts duties of the postal censorship. Dur-of Mesopotamia, Armenia and Anatol-, ing the following days a few officers la, stretching from the Mediterranean and volunteers assisted In opening the to the Persian border, which It touches mails for  and a staff of The question of what shall be done for about sixty miles. Including Mosul, civilian censors began to be Msemb-with Turkey is one of the most difll- nnd thence trends northwest, taking In led. At the end of December, 1914, the
1919: Germany::~On Aug. 3, 1914, the day before war declared against , an of-
1919: France:Germany:~Between Ruined  and Prosperous , says Traveller.
1919: France:Germany:~It was in contrast with these deso-j late scenes In  that the pictures, of prosperous  was so irritât ing to the Allied Army of Occupation^ It was but a few hours ride from these stricken villages, with no homes, uq 1, no coal and no young %n#n, td the well-ordered German villages, with the fat asparagus beds In perfect conj ditlçn apd every tomato bl*nt tied u a ôn Its own neat little etlck/'
1920: Germany::~A despatch from Paris says extradi lion of former Emperor William of  will U* demanded as soon as the Treaty of Peace becomes effective.
1920: Germany::~was celebrated at the  army headquarters. The journal says that Marshal von Hindcnburg referred te
1920: Germany::~In  there are now only 81.3
1920: Germany::~The property destruction in  as a result mostly of air raids aixely have been less than in
1920: England:Germany:~Air raids on  cost 
1920: Certain of the most curious superstitions as to flowers have to do with the ? eemingly innocent matter of bringing them into the house. If one keeps a scarlet geranium In the house all the year round some one will surely die iu that household, they say. Evidently tills fear Is not current in some of the sraeoant tow ns. because there ft is a common custom to maintain scarlet geraniums indoors all mi turner, as the winds arc not conducive to bedding out cf door*. Nor would the Mohammedan theory that the scarlet geranium i- really a swallow converted Into a flower by touching Mahomet’s robe he accepted. In Scotland bringing a flowering hawthorn into the hou«<ô~ foretells a death in the family northern Germany it is the cornflower, which used to be the kaiser's own bloom, that is barred from the house, lest the bread mold.
1920: Germany::~held his breath as ho watched him Bright and early next morning, both lacking in what Americans call pep. large in territory as  am a reach in and take out a box of honey. Gloria and Goldfeather were busy set- It Isn't any wonder, of course, after P°PulaJ on or 3. ,<) J.i000
1920: The treaty has been defeated course, its defeat was inevitable months ago, in the inability of the Senate to find any conceivable formulae for which two-thirds of its members would vote, says “The Living Church”~ (Milwaukee). American institutions have sustained the most serious strain since the Civil War. That the President and Senate could not, or would not, work together. Is bad enough, and would in itself have strained our Government; but that the Senate cannot find any form of words that is satisfactory to two-thirds of its members means the complete collapse of American statesmanship at the most critical time in the history of the world. Neither can we see that any party, g* jup or individual that has been connected with the affair from the beginning comes out with credit, though undoubtedly there are varying degrees of culpability. The crowning Insult to England in the last of the reservations only adds one more to the series of insults to each of our former allies that have been features of the long-drawn-out transaction. We finally emerge from the long uncertainty, the friend and ally, apparently, of nobody but that section of Ireland that openly supported Germany during the war and assaulted our boys who landed on Irish soil after the enemy had sunk the Tuscania; while Mr. De Valera goes home with the statement that he has accomplished his full purpose in coming to America. So there is one part of the world that Is satisfied with what we have done.
1920: France:Germany:~What comes next nobody can guess. We must either drift indefinitely, or ask Great Britain and  to try to get for us such of the advantages of the Versailles Treaty as they care to assign to us, or we must ask  very kindly to state the conditions upon which she is willing to make peace with us, or—worst of all —adopt the pending resolution de-This manding that we get every advantage camp was visited recently by Mme. accorded to us in the ill-fated treaty Paderewski, wife of the former Pre- while we assume none of its responsl-
1920: Germany::~shr%l oAhe rawhide, which years be- 's lowest paper note is ten 1 a recognized German province, and so —-C, L.	ever, the animal has a head many
1921: Germany::~A famous British physician, Sir Morel! Mackenzie, received Just about double this $100,000, with extras for travelling and hotel expenses- for attending the Emperor Frederick of .
1921: Germany::~The commonwealth of Australia ha* taken steps for the preservation of the aborigines of that country and has as aigned a tract of public lands In the Northern Territories as reservation for the tribes. It Includes the Man The census of , recently an(j Petenson Ranges and practically completed, shows a total population th0 whole of Lake Amadeus of 60.282,000 people. The total nuni- Governments of South and Western her of Inhabitants in 1913 was about Australia have set aside adjoining
1921: Germany::~Paper money in  haw b^en Issued in all sorts of denomii
1921: Germany::~Central powens  Hungary, Bulgaria and Turkey show I an advance if billions.
1921: Germany::~It remained for  to Issue the only porcelain coins during the war, and. indeed, besides paper, the only substitute for metal coins resorted to by any government during the
1921: an;mal to met with, and a tragedy	strolled out Into the moonlight, regard-	a, lbe door working with snob «avage	«•~"'mtrlea. particularly Germany,	Aua
1921: Germany::~a Ire, that  by her industry isjcally, and by that time bis" lordship winning the peace, recalls the story was almost in a fainting condition, of how the Germans tried to bribe
1921: The first of the Germans to be moned—and they will be tried in their absence if they refuse to cross the frontier into France—will be General von Oven, who is accused of ordering his troops to make attacks on the inhabitants of Nomey and Jarny during the burning and pillaging of Nancy suburbs; General von Montgelas, who directed pillaging bands in Alsace-Lorraine, and Major General Riedl, whose order to the Bavarian Eighth Brigade was to “burn all the houses, kill all the males and force the " | and chidren toward the French lines.”~ Legal experts hpre are still divided whether if the Ministry of Justice ratifies the military judgments of the courts martial it will be possible for France to demand the extradition of the men convicted, but the consensus is that the trials will give France additional lever to be used against Germany in case there are in the future evasions of other clauses of the Versailles treaty.
1922: Germany::~The man who invented the little sole Other French companies provide dress fastener with a hump to replace Intermittent service to most of the the old hook-and-eye accumulated a large Continental cities, and German ! vest fortune, companies fly over a network of routes In . All of the oom panlee are dependent on government aid Great Britain in Its budget for 1821-22, besides providing landing fields and custom» facilities, grants a subsidy of £~1,000,000.^ Italy, on the other hand, having failed to extend government aid, has almost no commercial aviation left. The only important air service in the United States Is the mall line between New York and San Fran cisco.
1922: No; but I think he would pre The word “~honeymoon" originated for having you pay them in instal-from Germany, where it was the eus- menu.' tom to drink mead—a sweet liquid made from honey—for thirty days after the wedding, “moon," of course, meaning “month.”
1922: tonic origin, came to be spelled with a “Ch” instead of a ”K”~ In France seme oases, being taken back into Germany, an “S” was prefixed to maintain the soft pronunciation, and it became "Scharlo." If taken Into English at a
1922: Poland:Germany:~The terms of peace have diverted Germany of some of her best mineral territory, notably in Alsace-Lorraine and , and there is a possibility of developing & market for certain of our minerals in that country. It Is understood that German interests have already made tentative enquiries specting tihe pceedbHfrty of obtaining Iron ore from Newfoundland. While in  Dr. Camsell elro ho pen to Investigate methods perfected there for the briquetting of coal, a subject which Is of vital Importance to the Prairie Provinces. He will also give special attention to phosphates and other mineral fertilizers
1922: England:Germany:~Both of these given names appear every once In a while In the medieval history of  and , as well as of Normandy, for while the Normans spoke French, they were of Teutonic origin, and most of the nomenclature was Teutonic.
1922: The woolen trade in Great Britain, don market is keenly alive to the importance of. and jt jg e8timated that since May 1 the Canadian industry a» indicated by j about £~ 100.000 worth of wool has the fact that the Trades Facility C om-j bee[1 forwarded to Germany misai on, a branch of the British Trees- brolrer jn London declare*, that the formed for the purpose of assist- Qermans have been the best custom ing in financing industries that will ^ for some time. "They pay in gold promote trade within the British and thig gold ty.ey obtain from us by Empire, ha* offered to as# 1st in financ-1 #e|^ng ug their own products. This is the Dominion Combing Mills to the QD€ reason why thev laugh at the rate extent of a loan of the cost of the of ^change and continue to plead machinery, for 10 years, if purchered ( poveity/.	4».
1922: Germany:russia:~claims fifty-three palaces or other re sidencee. Many houses In Berlin are mortgaged to him; he has properties all over , and Ms wealth is so from opiate* and may be given to the great that the Pn Minister of 1 hit me thumb I now born babe with perfect safety. Finance, who is in charge of auditing It'* bad now, but I'd I They are sold by medicine dealers or his accounts with the government, declare* himself incapable of estimating Dr Williams' Medicine Co., Brockvllle, It fully.
1923: Germany::~A German cartoonist's elsnlflcant view of the situation In .
1923: Germany::, which secures Its supply of raw material from the slop*** of een tain mountain»~ 1m France, Germany, Austria and Switzerland, is generally conceded to be the best manufacturer of sou mill, g boards heavy demands for German pianos, the _ : supply in thos e districts quickly dim in-tfced and there uow e 1st» only a pos-
1923: the character of the people.	‘~ is so held and In Germany 16 per cent Despite the depressing conditions i Canadian coal exported amounted to dustry also benefited by the now rate My friends were also the re ' Gcd be
1923: Germany::~OCCUPIED IN ANY CASE " Is oeoupled In trying le pay her war debts.”
1923: Germany::~In  It was customary o2 old
1923: Germany::~properly installed. Some linings are , l,rouK'ht from  a light- opened an office In the Royal Ex halt. You stop for a while, and It r- question was. which would give la? meekly. "I'm quite sure the other nine too soft or too thick. Thev easily be-	? C° ape boat capable of car- change Building, I>ondon, where bis better. This pain is generally known And the point was a nice one, Involv- hundred and ninety-nine would do ex-
1923: Germany::~pweity is mi< h tlutf it has only twenty Sea, from Lowestoft, at the first sec- ( niore rapidly and deeply than we are quently. In  suits of clothe*, And not reproached me; the even component parts. Packed it makes a tîon of a telegraph route to India. accustomed to doing.	even, were made of paper, and only |	sacred cup
1923: Germany:Russia:~export hue I nee#, which shows signe of	Belgium, , , Denmark,
1923: Germany::~farmer has certain advantages over average, . Belgium, Denmar ,	Mm greenings combine	well with	ed	what it could he. It was pouring	j have often seen	women of this type	he must bear his share	in the house-
1923: France:Germany:~United Kingdom includes the revision of certain topographic maps at periods respectively of fifteen y ars, twenty years, and forty years. On the continent of Europe, , Belgium, , and Switzerland are particularly well surveyed. India also ling carried on, for some years, an extensive surveying programme and has perfected methods now used In other parts of the world. In these countries regular programmes are followed out, various standard scales are used, and a partial return, In some cases almost the entire return, of the cost of the survey is obtained by the sale of the maps.
1924: Germany::~1922, it was 1,783,000 tons, a decrease of 3,315,000 tons. It Is pointed out in Lloyd's statement, from which these statistics are taken, that should  “maintain her present rate of building of about 500,000 tons a year, in the course of six or seven years, she will have regained her pre-war maritime strength.
1924: softened changes of climate, made forests have anchored the Bands back of Ran Francisco and brought more rain to western Nebraska. Over much of the so-called “American Desert”~ trees now seed themselves. Both France and Germany have proved that
1924: ti« r„„n « )n«~tantiy and wkh lit- Prlnoees of Germany to visit hts#royal them’ not ln the direct sunlight or, photographs for practical mapping someth*f0Terf0r grandmother In the hope that ”he ^ng wind, and will remain fresh purposes.
1924: Germany::~Last year the pin indicated the Vale of Cashmere, In India, whither the brewer made his way. The previous year he found himself obliged to visit , while the year before that a town not fifty miles from his home was the holiday resort thus chosen.
1924: United States:Germany:~ and .	when It is remembered that these e:k
1925: Germany::~constructed one In Cassel, . tractors In the Royal Agricultural So
1925: Germany::~after a short illness his death the London Daily News says : 44 There is absolutely nobody in  who can be named as his natural
1926: Germany:Japan:~Canada seems to have had no trouble in finding plenty of foreign markets for its surplus, says the Chronicle. From Canadian ports on the East and West .this product is how being sent to sixty-eight different countries, and new buyers are coming forward every year. While Great Britain Is naturally the largest customer, with  a close second, the lands of the Orient, like China and , have recently developed a liking for flour which they had
1926: Japan::The ese treasury has agreed to accept £~4.000,000 from Germany in the form of Telefunken radio apparatus to cover reparations due.
1926: Germany:Germany:~During the war an attempt was made to wrest front  the supremacy she had won in the dye Industry. But the clever, hard-working, If not original, chemists of  still lead the world In the line they have made their own.
1926: Germany::~catised the fingers to revolve. , ji i a^je the memory is of retaining for1 Munich, , there is a c,ü( 1 ( any time the distinct image of the made entirely of straw, no glue even source» even of Its most vivid Impres-
1926: Germany:Germany:~my tardiness is not explained by a spirit of disinclination but rather by the fact of almost complete inability. 1 have found, and am more and more finding the time factor to be a real problem Since leaving good old Pontiac I h wandered a considerable distance. I wo weeks in England was followed by a ten-day? Parisian visit before proceeding to . In the latter country 1 remained something over two months, for the most part in Berlin, with shorter stays in various other parts of the country. Except for the extreme northwest and north-east I have managed to obtain a good general idea of that country. After leaving  1 took ten days in Vhecho-Slovakia and Austria, proceeding as far as the* Austrian capital, Vienna, where three very* profitable and enjoyable days were spent.
1926: Germany::~I li ive now returned to h ranc.1 where, according to present plans, 1expect to remain upwards of six months, tor the purpose of studying conversational F.ench and economics at the Sorbonne and H oles Libres. In  my zhlef object was language study, economic, political and other observation 1 relegated to a distinctly secondary ,1 c * I might just remark that many times* after a four to five hour struggle with German grammar and vocabularies 1 could not but envy the fellows back
1926: Germany::~of  where most of these quiet.
1927: Japan:Germany:~As a buyer of Canadian goods however, France has not held her position and to now exceeded In value of Imports by , , Chine,
1927: Germany::~cabin aceom tested In .
1927: Germany::~The Emperor of  who is called Barbarossa, or “Red-beard,” have been first called so when he was old enough to employ a barber, though it is not likely that he ever did give of them a job, unless he let them cut his hair, or bleed him, for the old-fashioned German barbers did a great deal of bleeding, cupping and leeching.
1927: Germany::~was , which similarly increased Its purchases. Newfoundland and Brazil and Greece each purchased Canadian flour to the extent of over $2,000,000 In the first nine months of the present fiscal year, and Trinidad and Tobago, China, Denmark and the Irish Free State were responsible for buying to the extent of about a million and a half dollars	Wfk
1927: France:Germany:~Generally, the recent efforts to aub-Mitute a policy of Franco-German rapprochement for the Franco-British entente will receive a\check. There Ls every reaeon for a closer accord between  and , but not at the expense of the quarter-century-old entente cordiale.
1927: France:Germany:~mann (respectively foreign minister# of Britain,  and ) had power last week only to scan the Albanian note, make It a m^tt^r of record
1927: Germany::~fee heure, Eckener Mild, adding that La Bavoir (lad.) : (It 'J* bo would fly sastward from , enoagh to «tcluda children from Th» noted German pilot will leave movw; otirer recreation in the form
1927: Germany::~The Allied armies could not have beaten  on the western front , except for the American Intervention, j They bad a chance at Gallipoli to cut off Turkey, neutralize Bulgaria and carry their front to the southern Carpathians and the Danube. That wan worth every possible military effor*. Unhappily, the only effort made was that which Kitchener’s feeble management wrecked Vherson In N. Y. Herald Tribune
1927: Germany::~Regarding , Lord Robert
1927: 1,0 ml on.—~George Bernard Shaw, add* lug his voice to the long-standing controversy over the Battle of Jutland, believes that nobody won the battle but thinks that Germany came out of the war with enhanced naval prestige.
1927: Germany:Germany:~war with great naval prestige and  with none, though her military prestige was the terror of Eur- came out of it. with a
1927: However In the early rammer; of ter b the .-turning" of the im-thls year it was felt that an expedited mense formcr German defence8 around evacuation of the occupied territories, McU Hcnceforth these will not face prior to the limit year, had become ¦~ Fr bnt Germany. prcFsing political advisability, not The Strasbourg enceinte is also be-only in the interests of European har- , “turned” to face the other way. mony but also of French reconstruc-i	u jg jfi ^ region that the major
1927: Germany::~Public opinion In  Is In entire agreement with the fundamental Ideas of mutual understanding and peace.—Gustave Stresemann.
1927: France:England:~. . . We must inspire the conviction that a Socialist victory in Germany,  and  will mean the consolidation and organization of peace, and that a victory of reaction would deliver Europe to new catostro-phes, catastrophes such as the imagination refuses to invoke
1927: The long hours of the afternoon drag- ]ow roa(hter on the drive. Sh? resolved gzd away. Sh? was miserably alone; at once to keep a brave front in his her mother was out of the city, even pr*çence, mostly because of a greet old Roze, her colored mammy, did not goc>(j-sportsmar.€hip that Peter had km w of her grief and thus could not found and loved in her long ago, and come to comfort her; and Ivan—on part!yv per hap 3, for purely feminine w hom, in the se past months, she had rea&jns that w ere—by a bn g stretch begun to lean—was in high commun- cf the imagination—almost disloyalty ion with the gods as, his voilin tucked p€ter> memory. She had always under his clear-cut chin, he practiced car-d to appear at her best in Ivan’~s Socialism win in France. Germany lovingly in his studio.	Ipri^ence. She sdfcretly wondered if »~"<* England a sufficient authority
1928: Germany::~looked over tho fence*. Lord	jn tangerines shipped into 	i jce boxes, fruit and vegetable locker*,
1928: Germany::~pec ted the presence of potash, he*; cause here, just as in , there
1928: Germany:England:~the order of their buying are, tq ie. France, , ,
1928: There Is, of curse, a vast difference between short flights of three or four hours’~ duration and tho inauguration of a regular transatlantic service, but even hi thin respect there is some de Unite experience to show the feasibility of such a service. Ah fur hack as 1919 the British airship II 34 crossed the Atlantic from Knglaud to America, refueled In America and then made a successful return flight; and In 1925 the airship Los Angeles crossed the Atlantic from Friedrich-shafvn in Germany and arrived at I^ikchurst In about eighty hours.
1928: Germany:England:~As a result of the use of these vessels during the war, designers both in  and In  were petlng In an endeavor to lighten the structure of the vessel to a maximum degree In order to enable the vessels to reach as great a height as possible, so that they might avoid anti-aircraft
1928: Germany::~Before the war, various airships built In  carried approximately 40,000 passengers without a single accident, fatal or otherwise, to any
1928: Russia:Holland:~organized labor radio amateurs lion, as summarized of Germany, Austria. .  Arbelter-eltung, are to maintain a per. and Czechoslovakia decided to form 1 manent Information service among International Federation of Pro- the member countries regarding all
1928: Germany::~There are now an Infinite variety of tobaccos obtainable, and then should be something to suit every smoking taste. Even a synthetic tobacco was produced In  about eighteen months ago. It con^ elated of specially prepared paper Impregnated with nicotine, and cheml-
1928: Berlin.—~Gen. Hans Von Seeckt, who former commander-in-chief of the German Reichswehr was once a thorn in the side of the Allies In their efforts to disarm Germany, declared at Munich that Germany again must have compulsory military training, gj |'s | tinguished audience of diplomats and many officers of the old German army heard Gen. Von Seeckt deliver his lecture on “War In the Future.”
1928: Germany::~Since mass armies have proved themselves useless in the next war, the mass must be replaced by quality, said the General, and a small, mobile and highly trained army Is needed. Accordingly, what  needs, concluded Gen. Von Seecktr Is both a professional army and a people’s army —the professional army consisting of volunteers enlisted for a long period of service and a system of obligatory military training of youth, while the entire industry of the nation ought to be put to work manufacturing war munitions.
1928: Germany::~they claim will encourage early roost- tfa lobacooes that reach the world s gravy 0ne large onion sliced, one can the disarmament of , she .	The II» OÊ UO*	proper y	-ubstanUally	free
1928: Germany:Italy:~chicks reach broiler age. The pulleta ment of Agrculture at Ottawa, is re- simmer until chicken is tender. Serve to , some to , but all And then a sea of yellow light	9m“	whea, provide# a caah crop
1928: At Vancouver they spend tyel, • couple BrU1Jh Columbia h»~e already export- him was the unending forest tracts pxm	Mechaniewtkn cities of Germany, with the exception
1928: Germany::~The passion for slimness has reached . The full-bosomed, perfunctorily dressed Gretchen with hair austerely combed is practically extinct among the younger generation. But though it is a comparatively simple affair to reduce one’s figure, it is not always easy to reduce one's ankles in proportion. That is the one detail in which there is still room for improvement—that, and the lingering prejudice that more than just a touch of powder is not quite respectable. But women are adaptable creatures, and there is little doubt that nature and artifice will soon complete the transformation.
1928: Germany::~Judged by British standards, many German husbands differ vastly from the conception of what a husband should be. They are inclined to be domineering; the standard of fidelity is lower on the whole in  than in some other countries; and they drink a good deal.
1929: Germany::~rJuhp.l Hnununrrl	loosening1 bands. Belt marks normal waistline, maud. Berlin comes next, with one- snmed in  comes from
1929: Germany::~"As perhaps moat people know, be found In  he* been select-1	"It la a well-known fact that all	gumed leaderahln of the new	oolar ex-1 frovlnf'e* reaping the financial	crease# from 1927, but lu the other
1929: Germany::~A picture from Bingen, , showing a detachment of British soldiers marc
1929: Germany::~tion to the best type of equipment for cese Describes Northern Citizen. battle or the Issues. The horn of U)e perature of La Paz is 50 degrees Fab-work of this kind. According to ento- The pr08perity of the Eskimo in old huntsmen was in other and renheit, but It Is never really warm mological specialists, types of hoppers tIie Mackenzie river district, his eag- younger aands. And somehow Lem- there except in tho sunshine, and the manufactured in Czechoslovakia and erness for education and hfs taking leux was deaf to i s clarion call. He cold nights are unrelieved by fireside  are at present being examined to Christianity, were highlights In heard only the faint echoes of by- comforts, for the simple reason that and a giant amphibian airplane consid- Archdeacon W. A. Geddes’ story of gone days.	the have nothing to burn, '.here
1929: Germany:Poland:~first group of 60 being from the training farms of , , Uthu- j terrible Flu epidemic of 1919 was ania. Latvia, Galicia, Austria, Czecho- Mrs. Irving Maxwell, of Bancroft, Ont.
1929: Germany::~Spectator (London):	 In
1929: Italy:Poland:~oft (Ind.): Economic imperialism Is a new factor in the world. The old type of Imperialism, that of Alexander, of Caesar and of Napole wai of a warlike description; the American type of Imperialism I# pracl flc, without ever ceasing to be strongly armed. In the first case It was political conqueats and displacements of all allegiances; in the second it le only economic -conquests which usually occur without political reactljue, but which may pave the way for new territorial boundaries. We In Canada know something of this. We are more and more penetrated by the American dollar. American investment! in our country are calculated at four billion dollars. And the annual growth Is exceedingly rapid. In 1S10 American capital invested abroad did not exceed 600 million dollars; whilst to-day It Is estimated that It amounts to 30,000 millions. China and South America are, with us, the countries most invaded by this spirit of economic conquest. In Germany, , , great Industrial firms which have become American properties are already very numerous.
1929: France:Germany:~ against , but the situation has been cleared by the frank explanations given by the Belgian Government."
1929: Germany:United States:~deserved well of their country, whether that country be a Dominion of the British empire.  or the . Rhodes, the Empire builder, desired above all that those who benefited by his scholarships should devote themselves to public
1929: United States::~London Dally Mall (Ind. Cons.}: Op to date we have paid the  for war debts £246,000,000. and received Yrom the Allies £~33,700,000, and from Germany, for reparations, a sum which certainly does not exceed £~75,000,000. At no time for the next halfcentury can we expect to receive anything like as much as we arp being required to pay the United States. ^ But this Is not all. Our means o! payment depends necessarily on our trade, and if our trade is handicapped by excessive taxation at home or hostile tariffs abroad the capacity to find these enormous sums must be affected. Almost simultaneously with the conclusion of the agreements with the United States regarding our debt to them the Fordney tariff was pat into force, imposing much heavier duties on British goods. This ds to be followed by a new and still
1929: Germany:Germany:~In  there are others, and Colchester Mlthraeum is declared to be exactly similar to the second Mlthraeum in .
1929: Germany::~The ladies whom the troubadours sang had Invariably hair of the color of flax, as soft as silk, and shimmering with a sheen of the finest gold. In ancient Spanish romances the hair is either of pure gold, or definitely fair. In ancient , Gretchen had to bsv# "fair hair, like gold; long, bright, and curly." There Is a famous description of a French lady of the thirteenth century. "Her hair had the brilliance of gold, and wgp twisted into rebellious curls" evidently permanent waving was known.
1929: Germany::~live unsheltered as a result of their war-1 , remains unexplored to the
1929: England:Germany:~of the Romans, from a mollusc, were derived from animals. The discovery of tho so-called aniline dyes made from coal-tar is an oft-told story. Originally founded In  by Perkin, the industry passed to , where it fell on fruitful soil and became almost a monopoly of the Germans and the Swiss until the Great War brought about its rival in other countries, Including Great Britain.
1929: “~Our cruisers were not culled upon to protect our traue from wholesale surface raiding, and so their inability to do so was not exposed. Am It was, a few German ships did break out of the North Sea, notably the Moewe * and )Vo1f, and they sank our ships In the Atlantic unhampered. A medal was struck in Germany to commemorate the Moewe'* exploit, after she had I returned, safely.
1929: Canada::~During the same year  sent I us £~70,585,661 worth of goods and products; while Germany, with a population something like ten times greater than the total population of the Dominion of Canada, sent us only £48,403,494.
1929: Germany::~was returned to .
1929: Premier Brownlee’~s answer to Mr. Forke is that the Alberta Government is unable to see why the sympathetic consideration of the Mennonites case should be so strongly urged, in view of the fact that Germany is already moving them from Russia and has agreed to
1929: London. —~ Protracted negotiations for a big loan to the German Government by the Swedish match Interests, conditional upon the arrangement of a match monopoly In Germany, have
1929: Germany::~It is officially anuouned that agreement has been signed between the German Government, the Swedish Match Company, and N. V. Financlelle MaatschapplJ Greuger and Toll whereby the sole rights in  for the sale, export, and Import of matches ¦ been transferred to a special monopoly company for a minimum of 32 years and a maximum of 50 years. The period ts dependent upon the time of repayment of a loan of about $125,000,000 granted to the German ¦ ¦¦ by N. Y. Fananetelle
1930: Germany::~which culminated on tlv	night of	Sep-	the evidence available, decreed that1	Quebec Soleil	(Lib.):	(,
1930: Germany:Russia:~I tlceshlp In . At 19 he re-I turned to  to Join his father In The name of Conrad Hubert ap- the wine business and remained there
1930: France:United States:~Tho situation is chaos by compari-with the steady organized progress of the United States, Germany, and . Across the Atlantic the Wall Street slump will soon show itself to have been not so much a bruise as a stimulus. Those do not know the  who think otherwise.
1930: France::~States, already many times richer than wo are, is reducing taxation. Within the Protectionist system to which  is indissolubly wedded-let there be no mistake about that—~ her output of motor cars this years is ten per cent, larger than our own. And this year, for the first time, Germany is exporting more machinery than we are, and steadily overhauling us in other ways. It is absolutely certain that if our political quarrels on these matters go on as now the last vestiges of our old commercial supremacy wil pass away.
1930: Germany:England:~than, in England. The reason for that is that France and  both know the Soviet better than you do here in . The Morning Post
1930: Germany:Germany:~have proved this. 's exclusive guilt or ’s Innocence are fairy-tales for children on both sides of the Whine What country wanted the war? Let us put a different question: What circles In every country wanted, facilitated, or began the war?
1930: France:England:~and said that his immediate return to. Denmark, Germany, , Belgium,  was imperative.
1930: Germany::~Hamburg. .—Five thousand Inventors met hero recently
1930: England:Germany:~Visit ini! , Scotland, ^ Denmark, , Aus- »~ tria, Italy, Switzerland and ^ France.
1930: Germany::~a debate tn Parliament a few minutes to consult an official in Borneo; or a man in  can talk with a friend tn South America, while paths are being mapped out for a Commonwealth system that will Include a regular service between London and India. This Is the telephone in Its later phases. Its domestic uses are too well know'll to need description.
1930: usa:Germany:~Triumphal entry of Christ into Jerlem for Passover Feast, with people depicted In famous Passion play at Oberammergau, .
1930: “~Doc van Antwerp wants me to go to Germany with him,” Martin admitted impulsively.
1930: Germany::~The O'Hara family, poor but happy, is irtetl by Martin ami Mary Kate, the widest children. Martin, who is ptiulving medicine at nights, gets chance to go to  with l»r. an Antwerp, but turns it down because or the family. Mary Kate, who wants him
1930: Germany:Russia:~Mary Knte O'Hara is in low with Casa Keating. Her brother Martin cannot go to  to study medicine because of lack of funds. Then a friend of Mary's employer, Christopher Steynes, proposes that she play the part of his wit * in order to discourage n n countess who is on his trail. Mary decides to accept the proposition evith a view to helping her brother M r tin.
1930: Germany::~Mary Kate O'Hara is in love with Cass ixvuUng and wants to marry him. But she also want* to help her brother, Martin, who is studying medicine at nights and who has had to turn down opportunity to go to  bec .use of the family’s poverty.
1930: “He’~s going to Germany with Docto* van Antwerp!” Mary Kate said over and over again in her own soul, when she heard this bit of information.
1931: Germany::~George von Heveey of the University of Freiburg, , concluded in his review of present knowledge of the age of the earth in the opening lecture of the Geo.'ge Fisher Baker Lee- [ tv res in Chemistry at Cornell University, recently published by the New York City scientific periodical Science. Following many previous students of earth age, Professor Hevesy has calculated from the slow disintegration of radioactive chemical elements the time elapsed since individual specimens of minerals containing these elements were formed. Some such mineral specimens tvrn out to be well over a billion years old but the earth as a whole must be older still, since the planet’s cruit must have been in place and solid be ft re these limerecording minerals could have been deposited in it. Accordingly, Professor Hevesy has extended these radioactive calculations to the whole material of the earth, obtaining a figure of about three b.llion years for the time since the planet existed as a ball of white-hot gas drawn out of the sun. Enormous as is this time by human standards, it is j it a moment, he finds, in the age of tK known universe, for astronomical calculations indicate that the average star has been in existence for between five /thousand billion and ten thousand billion years.
1931: Germany::~To go to , you mean? With Doctor van Antwerp."
1931: Germany::~Coloured glass, on a framework of reinforced concrete, has been used for a new church at Dortmund, . At night, when the building is lit up, the effect is said to he very striking.
1931: England:France:~opinions concerning him *ave those rich Jews whom his words indicted, whom iiis lifo reproached? question is asked, and answered, by James Waterman Wise in an article in the Jewish Standard. Straus' position was unique. We doubt if Canadians would agree as to who to the greatest Canadian. There would be no unanimity in the United States, in Germany, , or . But there wa t, apparently, this agreement ibout Straus, which argues an extraordinary man Indeed. If lie had not been a wealthy man he never could have accomplished fur the Jews of the world what he was able to accomplish. But his money >vus the least important thing about him. That is the way he looked at it, too. On ono
1931: Russia:Germany:~The throneloss royalties of , Austria and  have not Improved their position since the war except here and there In an Individual case by a fortunate or promising marriage.
1931: Their Minister! Rev. Mr. Mac-1<M s Club for the formation of these I ve|,y ten years jo the village Millan, of the Presbyterian Church, Club* would be requested at the °»~ Oberimimergaii, m Germany, was present, and in a brief address next annual meeting of that Dlubt|«JJ” touchingly spoke of the advancing in June next.
1931: Germany::~Carpathians, In Jugoslavia, and 1c , little by little, the troops disband,
1931: "I only want to say,” Christopher began, with an wr of closing the discussion, “that, since Mr. O’~Hara here ware* to go to Germany with Doctor van Antwerp, it would give me tremendous pleasure to feel that 1 had — T had, indirectly, helped him to do it.”
1931: “Good-bye, and good luek!” he said. “I hope I hope you’~ll decide for Germany.”
1931: Germany::~Women of  thought to employed *''xuon.||||	l||
1931: Germany::~tru- tlon of farm crops and farm uni mais brought about by a great war  now has more poultry, chhk ducks anil geese, than It had before the start of the World War, ac* rj«w. si*&
1931: Germany::~Imports of eggs Into  Increased materially until 1928, when a decline began, the Commerce Department a i ¦ ( an d
1931: “But you’~ll be in Germany, Mart."
1931: England:Germany:~"Goodwin Sands, eight miles long, four miles wide, sprawls like a spider awaiting its prey off the coaat from Deal, England. Awash at high tide, large areas of the Goodwin Sands at low tide offer a hard, dry surface. Every act. every Impulse of virtue Ships goings to or from London, to and vice effects in any creature. North  ports, Belgium, HjI-face, voice, nervous power and vigor land and , have to pass close and harmony of innovation at once. 1 to the Sands, which — John Buskin.
1931: Germany::~Church In  Insists on Getting Mel I worst.
1931: usa:usa:~In the town of Demen, Germany, it seems, the church is entitled to receive luU pounds of a certain kind of sage, known as Mettwurat, every year from the local tithe-payers. Recently the latter refused to supply the ration of sage. The church involuted the aid of the law, and the
1931: Germany::~the mound was marked out for Investigation but it was not until 1911 that we began to dig. terrupted by the war and did not sent another expedition until 1927, after  had Joined the Den-
1931: Germany::~their gods? The city became the ^ ^ , but have been unsuc-centre of a civilization that spread cegsfuI This dark brown shade was " other parts of the Near East. the orlglnai color, which has since In the east there have been only uken on a reddlgh tint, g | three original and Independent civ- j nQ Staking the prehistoric pottery
1931: 1876—~Alexander Graham Bell and Elisha Gray Independently Invent the telephone. Dr. N. A. Otto, of Cologne, Germany, Invents the four-cycle internal-combustion engine now generally used in automobiles.
1931: I wai struck by the unmercenary Her exports of artificial silk have inattitude of the people of these lonely creased in the past six months all districts after the grasping dishonesty round, but chiefly to two countries of their brethren In the towns. Often most seriously affected by depression I stopped at a pedlar's tea-stall and and disaster—~namely, Germany and asked for a drink, he always made me China.
1932: Berlin—~Dr. Flnkelsteln, a Pole, who arrived in Germany cent!y, entertained and puzzled the Berliners no little at the Winter-garden vaudeville by adding up a column of figures more rapidly than anyone could read them, by learning billions and trillions by heart, in the flash of a second, and by do-
1932: United States:Germany:~international j alousies being aired, r. T)ie members met in the lonely hills ef Derbyshire, England. Five nations were represented: Great Britain, the  of Amer-Franve.  and Belgium. Ami the result of the conference will saving of innumerable lives t the mine workers of the
1932: Germany::~no choice not be forgotten, through the Hal-four agreement of August, 192*J, aired her debtors that she wants from them and from  only sufficient money to discharge lier debt
1932: Germany:United States:~, problems of Britain and ; but little about those of the 
1932: Germany::~throughout  h> the Berman stations. and a German programme la similarly relayed throughout Great
1932: Germany::~0,000,0# childless homes, in  1,000,000, in Britain 2,000,000, and in
1932: Germany::~Onportance In p<nding litigation, and Stage in  »
1932: Germany::~Statistics covering reason in  from September, 1930, to August, 1931, show that the films have not as yet made any Berio us inroads on the legitimate stage. On an average, 278 theatre*, played every month during the period covered. Th,# ia but nineteen fewer than in the pre-
1932: Germany::~For the salent feature of the post-war regime In  is the ''proletarianization" of the hulk of her middle class. Economic stress would in any have meant for them, as in Eng
1932: Germany::~made In Solingcn. , accord
1932: Germany::~Similar demonstrations have been reported from , where submarine mines submerged in water exploded and where cartridges
1932: Germany::~Since the war, the number of women students at German universities ha* increased five times, the number of men students only 50 per cent. Since 1925 the number of women htudents has trebled. To-day about 22,000 wo. men are stud) in g in , or about . 16 per cent, of the total number of students students
1932: Germany::~employed by Capt. F. T. Courtney, British pilot, in an unsuccessful attempt to cross the Atlantic from Portugal to South America. After this. It served Wolfgang von Gronau In his antarctic explorations and first flight from  via Iceland and Greenland to New York. The flying boat was presented to the German Museum (Deutsches Museum) by the Dorn 1er Company, and, despite the wear and tear of the past years, it was found possible to fly it from Friedrlchshafen, and to make a safe landing at the Munich Flying Port, where heavy snow was encountered In place of the water on which this type of machine is intended to land.
1932: Germany::~Commercial applications also are foreseen for I)r. Sohertz's discovery. Chlorophyll already is used in soap manufacture and other industries. Medicinal pills are made from It. Hitherto  and Switzerland have furnished small quantities, extracted at almost prohibitive cost. With a cheap supply available Dr. Sehertz foresees new uses. One derivative of clilorojffiyll, he says, offers great promise as a beneficial coloring matter for ice cream.
1932: Germany:Japan:~1 land, fifty-two ; Switzerland, fifty-one; France, fifty ; , forty-six; , forty-four and India, twenty-three. Statistics also show that females have a greater expectation of life at birth than males.
1932: Germany::~ly following an, motion made hy an-| Appear ID  other animal.	* ¦	s
1932: Germany::~present day SlgMMd Schuckert who became a member of one of  s largest electrical concerna—exhibited a pion-
1932: Germany::~(thirty-Ave-mile) line Rathenau and l>r. von Miller the next year formed the German Edison Company, which later became the General Electric Company in .
1932: Germany::~lin, almost the whole of  has been assembled in miniature to aid those who are searching for a place for their week-ends. The display— part of Berlin's summer exhibition, “Sun, Light and Homes for All”— makes use of elaborate relief maps equipped with electric lights visitor who wants, for instance, to know the location of a watering place or mountain resort, simply presses a button on an alphabetical list. The light flashes on upon the map. Rut “Sonne, Luft and Haus fur Allé" goes further than merely telling the visitor where to go for a week end. Static and animated exhibits In a large hall depict the workman at his tasks and show advantages of rest and recreation. The means of transport are also suggested
1932: Pioneer electric lights, shining with brave steadiness in a curious world, were recalled as members of the Society of Electrical Engineers celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of an international electrical exhibition held in the Bavarian capital In 1882—~the first of its kind In Germany. From it sprang the beginnings of German electrification of devices* organizations, and plans which have endured to the
1932: Poland:Spain:~The list of countries that will man stations in different parts of the world Includes Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada. Denmark, Great Britain, Estonia, Falkland Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Japan, Mexico. Netherlands, Norway. . , Sweden, Switzerland, and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and Turkey. Even nations that do not appear i) n this list are not indifferent to the Importance of the Second Polar Year.
1932: Germany::~Made in "
1932: Germany:Germany:~1932, Imports from G many valued at $2.576.845. as compared with 23.209,490 lu the corresponding period of 1931. The exports to  in the last three months totalled $1,210,119. as against $4.061,681 last year. The falling off in the volume exported is large. Imports from  covered a wide range of products, but the chief items were classed under chemicals and chemical products, amounting to $778.020 in the last three months; (ron and its products, $352,155, non-fnetallic minerals, including coal, $211.086; fibres. $311,629; miscellaneous, $456.731.—Brandon Sun.
1932: Germany::~Will  Re arm?
1932: Germany:France:~If  in seeking to re-arm, then it Is quite certain that  will not consent to reduce her own armaments; and wo shall see the opening of a fresh race In armaments, with all its menace of unrest and disaster. Such a situation would be tragic Indeed, is it too much to hope that the German people may realize, before It Is too late, what the attitude of their Government means?-^London Dallv Mall.
1932: Germany::~Enoch J. 2v.dckcr. New . NT.
1932: Germany:Russia:~Oil paintings, valued at thousands of pounds, going out by air to exhibitions; radio tubes consigned to the Royal Palace at Bucharest; pump-fittings for a plant at the Suez Canal; special gas masks being rushed out to light an obstinate fire In mines In India; spare parts for a motor car part y stranded In Africa; consignments of cut flowers being rushed to the London markets; day-old chicks and hatching eggs for , , Rumania and other destinations abroad.
1933: Germany::~Enoch J. * wicker, Hew , N.S.
1933: United States:Germany:~lation. In total number of telephones I The clay products industry of Can-Canada is fourth. The  I Ida finds most of its raw materials holds first place with 20.068,023; n the country, and research is being  is second with 3,182.305; I m^hed forward continuously with b real Britain and Northern Ireland | ’lew to the development of l . Is third with 1,886,726
1933: Germany::~to feel the wave and start to tilt, to feel the wove and start to tilt. Moreover, when it has started to tilt Its inertia may keep It moving. This is one reason why efforts to use the gyroscope ln  before the war were not a complete success. The late Elmer Sperry hit on the Ingenious Idea of using a small control gyroscope to tell the by gyro what to do and when. In other words, the control gyroscope, being small, responds to the beginnings of a roll almost instantly. Through an automatically started electric precession motor the response is communicated to the big gyroscope. Hence the big gyro begins to process sooner than it would if It had first to overcome its own sluggishness.
1933: Germany::~Munich, .—~Announcement was made here that payment to the United States of $7,600,000 remaxütg on the Bavarian state debt of lift had been postponed for another sly' months, at 6 per cent, interest Payment originally was due on June 6 when it was postponed.
1933: Germany::~Enoch J. Swicker, flew , *
1933: France:Italy:~The question is whether the world is to disarm or Germany to rearm. If anyone ever doubted the intention of a German Government to profit by the failure of the Allied countries to make good their pledges, he would be little likely to doubt it with a Hitler Administration In office. From that the sequence develops automatically. Germany rearms. In face of that real or supposed menace, even a Radical Government would fall immediately and M. Tardieu and M. Marin come in to rule in the Poincare tradition. The Little Entente could no more ignore the spectacle of a rearmed Germany than could , while along another line of consequence  would, of course, increase her army and fleet and air force pari passu with the French bloc. What in the face of those developments would he the use of convening any World Economic Conference at all ?—Spectator (London ).
1933: Germany::~Sweden is now of motor ship tonnage, and , which held the lead at the close of
1933: Germany::~burg in , and the first Grand Board Measure...................................................................
1933: al and geophysical research all over Montreal.—~Books about birds print-j Germany, with a view to ascertaining
1933: Germany::~A terrible catastrophe occurred on May 31st near Latdorf In the Merseburg di trlct of  when the chalk mountains slipped Into Into the Saale river, minutes.
1933: Germany::~For two decades now Captain Drake has sailed alone. Once he sailed from Seattle to Kiel, , in 53 days, in a tiny schooner called Pilgrim, later wrecked on the Dutch coast. Its successor, of the same name, is a trim little 37-foot vessel, and in it he recently completed a trip from Hawaii.
1933: Germany:Germany:~Berlin.- -The introduction of steam-driven omnibuses in  is considered to be a matter of the very near u+ure as a result of the recent successful trials. After experiments extending over 4 years, Messrs. Hen-schel & Son of Kassel and Messrs. Borsig of Berlin-Tegel, two well-known German engineering firms, have made the steam-driven omnibus a practical proposition. This new vehicle of 120 horsepower, with seating accommodation for forty persons, is drive.i by an oil-fired, high-pressure steam boiler of 100 atmospheres placed under the hood and a steam engine immediately in front of the hack axle which drives it directly. By simply pressing the foot lever the driver can regulate the steam entering the machine. The steam is generated independently and it takes only two minutes to heat the boiler. The fuel used, can be an oil which is a by-product ,f coal. Both technically and economically this new invention is claimed to be of great importance. Saving will be effected by the fact that German fuel can be used. Tests on a 2,000-kilometer run through  more than satisfied the engineers.
1934: Hie Kaiser •~ Exile The former kaiser of Germany II»~* aa a fugitive to Holland on tin* eve o the signing of the armistice, and a dux after he had abdicated his throne, lie crossed the Dutch frontier in an auto mobile and went to the home of Count Rent luck at A merongen, near the town of Arnhelm, where he remained for more than a year. In the meantime he had purchased an estate at Doom, near Utrecht, and was later joined by his wife and a retinue of servants.
1934: Germany::~Born in , this country with her husband, 65 years ago and took up residence at Ladysmith. Que., where her husband died five years later. About 30 years ago she moved to Wilberforce to take up residence with her son-in-law and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Albert Scheuneman.
1934: —~The Suez Canal is of vital concern to India. Of late the strategical importance of the Canal to India, Australia and New Zealand and the Far East has indeed, in contrast with the apathy of seventy or eighty years ago, been fully realized by Imperial strategists and statesmen, has figured in all the British discussions with Egypt since the War, and is now, whatever may be the political status of Egypt in the future, regarded as a major British interest. During the Great War Germany described it as the “jugular vein” of the British Empire.—Calcutta Statesman.
1934: Germany::~The marriage market was slightly,	Vaj^mentioned above law ^"""deT'tT'trTThit ;
1934: Germany::~That  is in a fair wav of
1934: Germany::~in  is unlikely to give
1934: Canada::~Winnipeg, then Primate of , I ,nkr careers, gave her permission to gu ahead with I If Berlin’~s example is generally near his home, Higham, Kent her scheme, and thus began the work followed Germany will have reason I This Dickens memorial is to in which	was so sadly needed	and	which I	to expect more from it than from	I	elude a group of collegiate buildings
1934: the Advancement of Science was told, is supported by principles of air me- I will soon be necessary for a pilot to I and regulates the deportment of prê~chantes developed in Germany, France | gain a doctor of philosophy degree in sldents, ambassadors, ministers and
1934: France:United States:~This statement, prompted by years previously a number of the European nation*, including Germany, , Sweden and others, as well as tho , demonetized Silver, and, as a result, the price of silver dropped from sixty pence per to twenty-nine pence between
1934: Germany::~A long list of persons arrested in  for insulting remarks about Nazi leaders, together with the nature of insults, conveys the impression that one of the things these leaders lack most seriously is a sense of humour.— Kingston Whig Standard.
1934: Germany::~sia, , Austria-Hungary,
1935: France:Germany:~ and , and even in I?lcthods seriously, although his be-	. u/FnniNC	---- and after Ierd Iveagh had died, some
1935: Germany::~falling behind its more neighbors, from  comment on the mag-
1935: United States:Germany:~While the number of kinds of sausages In common use in the  may not be more than 50, at n fair In  n few years ago there were 1,785 distinct varieties entered.
1935: Germany::~South. In Norway, for example, one dut of every 37 births la a case of twins ; Sweden comes next with twins once in every 66 births;  third with one in every 80. In Ij.azil and Ceylon twins only occur ôn* c In every 200 births.—SauIt Ste.
1935: russia:Germany:~General Hermann Goering (right), Premier of P and chief aid of Aflolpf Hitler, pictured with King Moris of Bulgaria at the Sofia aerodrome as he left for  after secret conferences with the King
1935: Italy:Japan:~05.8 percent, of Germany percent, of France percent, of . ’s decline was approximately 47 percent., t>he only major exporting nation with a better
1935: Germany::~while, I noticed a vast improvement	and Tasmania, 120 in , 100	travel by air everywhere. This show- working in the sod.	pneumonia scarlet fever and dlph-
1935: Germany::~Some ancient clucks were made to play tricks. One such is at Stettin . In the center of its dial is the large and hideous face of a bearded man, who every second roll-his eyes from side to side. In Ills mouth lie holds a metal plate telling the day of the month. The clock hears the date of lT.'MJ. Another clock, made in Switzerland several centuries ago was constructed to put out a tongue at people who stopped to see what time it was
1936: Germany:France:~In Britain among the dead are Karl Haig, Mr. lionar Law, Lord Oxford, Lord Haldane, Lord Curz.on, Lord Carson, Admiral Fisher, Lord Jelli-coe, Lot'll Birkenhead. In , von Tirpitz and Himlenburg are prominent casualties,  has lost Clemenceau, Poincare, Joffrc, Foche Lyautey, Nivelle and Manzin.
1936: Germany::~Aside from an exhibit at the National Museum on Washington, DC., and two small ones in , Dietz said the Milwauke public mu-collection to which he contrib-
1936: Germany::~Foreign newspaper returning from  that it is becoming increasingly ihf-
1936: Germany::~day out of Nazi .
1936: Germany::~not members, have been expelt-1 from , on the ground that
1936: Germany::~earading in . Communists _____________,	,---*iuate brawn. Both in «choo and after
1936: The mother of pearl of commerce Is the Inner portion of the shells of certain large marine bivalve mollusks—~ oysters and their relatives. Like pearls themselves, It Is made up of a serre tlon of the oyster, built up layer by layer. The shells are collected chiefly in the tropical seas, but some are produced In Inland waters of the United States. Germany. China, Russia and a few other countries.
1936: Germany:Italy:~world. Is It any wonder that Japan  and  are restless am discontented, or that the appeal to “tit something about it" warms the hearts of their respective peoples?
1936: France:Japan:~Total trade increased with numerous countries, including Germany, ,  and Brail.
1937: Germany::~Elsenbnch, , fa iqyd to visions of Wart burg castle, where Lutter retired under the psuedonytn1 of •~Junker Georg" to translate the Bible Germany, celebrates the coming if spring with a vengeance ¦welcoming the new season with a procession, the citizens end thvii fete
1937: Germany::~Jo; ef llUe. CKt 1, 10J who succeeded Franz von Pa pen us commissar for preparation of the Saar plebiscite, who is being boomed by Influential Nazis in  to replace Von Pa pen ambassador to Austria, who recently admitted that ' Austro German reconciliation negotiations are not progressing satisfactorily.”
1937: Germany::~Picture postcards originated in .
1937: Japan:United States:~Compared with the corresponding figures for a year earlier, the number of registered unemployed persons has declined in Australia, Belgium, Bulgaria. Canada, Chile, Czechoslovakia. Danzig. Denmark. Finland. France, Germany. Great Britain, Hungary, , Latvia, New Zealand, Norway, Rumania, Sweden and the .
1937: Germany:France:~Havlland china Is made at Limoges. France. M. Charles Havlland established his works here In 1840 to make porcelain for the American market. Dresden china Is really Meissen china. The Meissen porcelain factory was established by royal patent In January, 1710, by Johann Friedrich Bottger. whose works were equipped in the castle of Albrechtsburg overlooking the town of Meissen, , a few miles west of Dresden. Sevres. , Is the location of the factory making chinaware bearing this name. It was established here In 1750 with the IInan dal aid of Madame de Pompadour, the factory, with the entire personnel,
1937: Germany::~Natural Socialists are those who belong to the Nazi party. Socialists are the members of the Social Democratic party. Both parties, writes G. R. Turner In the Kansas City Time*, cling to the fundamental principle of Socialism, which advocates governmental control of economic actlvKles to the end that competition shall give way to co-operation and that the opportunities of life and the reward of labor shall be more equitably apportioned. German Socialists cling, however, to the theory that the state exists for the Individual; National Socialists of , to the reaching that the Individual lives for the state. Hence, the former believe In free speech and a free bhllot, the latter In i benign dictatorship.	i
1937: Russia:Germany:~The Basset humid has never been overly popular in America and perhaps never will he so long as the little beagle and the domestic hound continue to serve their masters of the hunt In appearance and form the Basset occupies a place of first importance In the lives of those who must hunt In appearance; in form the Basset resembles a cross between the daschuml and bloodhound. Somewhat larger than the beagle it Is more tenders! ung with a face and head resembling the bloodhout d. It comes In two types; long and short-haired, the former being the most popular field dog abroad. Its greatest popularity as a sporting animal is confined to France, England.  and . Its color Is that that fits any “hound."
1937: Germany:England:~Prior to the Nazi regime in . Leipzig and  shared in the honors in the fur industry. At the of the German boycott by the
1937: Germany:Italy:~Dean Inge has produced another book in whlcrti ho discusses many things. One of his prophecies Is that there will not be a devasting European war because of the lack of funds. He depicts  lu such bad financial shape that he doubts whether the Hitler regime can last very much longer, and , he avers, Is not In much better case. The reverend gentleman has frequently proved himself a good forecaster. It Is to be hoped that he Is also one In this Instance. —Brantford Expositor.
1937: Canada:Germany:~The potato beetle is something of a commonplace in , but in Europe it is feared like a plague. In  the Government has turned out the army to combat it. Dr. Gibson showed pictures of men industriously spraying potato plants in German fields.
1937: Germany:Germany:~agreement with a threat to democratic countries within their spheres of influence. It would bring about an arrangement between Prance and  whereby the enormous fortifications being carried out along their respective borders would be left unchanged thus preventing further causes for friction in a very dangerous zone. And finally, , while not abandoning her "defer colonies would practically | and economic problems everywhere
1937: Germany::~agree to a hands off policy where British colonies formerly belonging to  were concerned.
1937: Germany:Italy:~ and  are in the position of having to throw good money after bad. So far, the campaign has not been much of a success but further expenditure may turn the day. The fall of Bilbao seems to bear out this statement.
1937: Germany::~And in , all is not well. Chancellor Hitler's close personal friend and the Director German State Motion Pictures, Lcni Rlefenstahl has been accused of having “~non-Aryan" grandparents. In most countries, such a fault would not be of any particular importance but in Germany where the Nazis arc engaged in stamping out their Jewish intellectual class, the accusation is the next thing to ruin. The charge was made by Propaganda Minister Goebbels at a social gathering. It has since been denied as “pure invention". The interesting part for conjecture is just what Chancellor Hitler thinks about it all and just what action he would take if ho charge proved to be true. It is wcl 1 known that all of the women he may have known, which Is not many, the beautiful actress is the favourite.
1937: Germany::~EDMONTON hero speculated on the possibility of a secret round-the-world airplane flight being made in the near future with a refueling stop at Edmonton, where a consignment of more than COO gallons of high-test gasoline arrived from New York and San Francisco and forty-five gallons of special oil from . Identity of the filer who is believed planning a worldgirdling flight, with a scheduled takeoff about the first of next week, was not learned. Persistent rumors In flying circles hero have Indicated such a flight is pending.
1937: Germany:Italy:~If the Rebels are driven back from the position they have held for nearly a year at the gates of Madrid It is likely that new agreements will be formed by the great European powers with  and  withdrawing much of the support which has so far bolstered the Rebel attack.
1937: Italy:Spain:~A certain Mr. Charles Hooper, of Coeur D'Alene, Ida., has created a peculiar record. He Is the world's champion writer of "letters to the editor." To date he has written 78,000 such missives, and these have been sent, not only to editors In the U.S., but also to France, Germany,  and . All letters are written In the language of the country in which they are printed.
1937: Black Guard*’ Perfect Girl: —~ Javelins and pump ng poles are more important for the girls of modern Germany than lipsticks, recently declared Herr Jeckeln, group-leader of the Black Guards. “The girl who wants to marry a Black Guard must be perfect in -every way She must have earned a sport badge,” he said.
1937: England:Germany:~Well, it seems that the Kaiser and his cousin King George parted brass rags for some reason or other which we just d sremember at the moment, and up comes a war between  and  which some of you may recall.
1937: READ IT OR NOT !—~Dutch clocks are made in Germany.
1937: Germany:Italy:~Speaking before a hushed League of Nations assembly. Mr. Eden struck a note of mingled h po and pessimism. Despite the dark picture he painted and tils implied rebukes of  and , he emphasized Britain's determination still to strive for peace.
1937: Germany:Italy:~The better hotels in Italy are often as well organized as those in ; the conception of the 10 per cent service charge as a substitute for tips has by now permeated to most of the hotel staffs (though it took years to do so) ; the State grants to foreigners staying six days or more in  a reduction of 6d per cent in railway fares (though not in sleeping car fares), and nearly all with whom the traveler cornea in contact seem animated more By a desire to please than to exploit.
1937: Germany::~dependent, is threatened with collapse. Norwegian ship owners are meeting increased foreign competition, especially from , which is developing a whaling industry. Labor disputes over wages are further hindering the Industry and a recent development has been German recruitment of the most highly skilled Norwegian gunners who have been disappointed with Norwegian pay.
1937: Germany::~Now ship < wners threaten to sell the whalers and floating factories abroad. Many of tho blggc** ships have already been sold to  and the Norwegian Government Is now intervening in negotiations between ship owners and workers to save th* ' industry.
1937: Germany:Italy:~He derives considerable assistance from the fact that his follow-dictator. Hitler, is playing exactly the same game. We have, therefore, that remarkable joint bluff, the Rome Brylin axis.  and , divided ultimately by divergent interests, rig up a facade of unity. This is the Romo-Berlin axis. It is made of plaster, not of steel. — London Kwring Standard.
1937: Germany:Germany:~Not so loud about 's colonies, Mr. Blackshirt Mussolini. When you gee va da Tyrol back to Austria there will be plenty of time to talk about what the Mistress of the Seas ought to do regarding . — Hamilton Spectator.
1938: France:Italy:~I^arge areas, ordinarily unsuitable for the purpose, have been planted to grain. Under favourable weather conditions the crop from an area equal to that planted In recent years would fyruish serious marketing problems. The efforts towards self sufficiency iu food supplies on the part of many countries, and particularly Germany,  and , have also narrowed the International market for wheat and flour to a point where total overseas sales of the four Important non-European exporters have been reduced as follows:
1938: VIENNA.—~Fuehrer Adolf Hitler of Germany, backing up an ultimatum with strong military forces along Austria's northern frontier, last week forced Chancellor Kurt Schuschnlgg to place five Austrian Nazis or Nazi sympathisers in his Cabinet.
1938: France:Germany:~Japan was the United States' third ranking customer, followed by   and Mexico.
1938: Germany:Holland:~The native home cf Holstein entile is Holland; or, more correctly, tin Netherlands, the provinces of Friesland, Drenthe, North Holland and South Holland being more repro sentativc of the dairy industry in that country. The name Holstein as applied to this breed of cattle, says a writer in the Cleveland Plain Dealer, is really a misnomer, as it had no application in Holland, but referred to a small province in , now Schleswig-Holstein, be tween the Baltic and North seas, about a hundred miles east of the  boundary where black and white Dutch cattle are found.
1938: A.—~No. This method has been In use for many years in Germany, Belgium, France and England where large quantities of the material are used annually for the purpose.
1938: Soviet Union:Poland:~the 500.000 Jews of Germany la dr* malic; It attracted at first the attention of the world, and called forth the solidarity of the Jewish mma* itles for a planned overseas emlgr* (Ion. What Is happening to the milt Ions of Jews In Poland, Austria, Ho* gary and Roumanla la less drsmall*, but more terrible; It has so far not attracted the serious attention of the general public, nor baa It evoked la equal measure the solidarity of outside Jewry. The problem Is that of over 6,000.000 men, women and children, full of energy and the will to live, Intelligent and talented, who are not only denied the possibility of developing tholr capacities In their own country, but also increasingly deprived of the means of existence, and, in a narrowing world, denied the possibility of emigration. Of the 10,000,000 Jews In Europe, only 3,000,000, who are citizens of the , enjoy equality of opportunity, but without Individual or religious fra* dom; and 1,000,000 In the Western democratic countries, who enjoy both that opportunity and individual and religious freedom, have a fair chance In life. Of the rest, over 3,000,000 are in , nearly 1,000,000 In the kingdom of Greater Roumanie, a* other 1,000,000 divided between a reduced Austria and a reduced Hungary, some 400,000 in Czechoslovakia—who are relatively well off—~350,000 In Germany, and 250,000 between Latvia, Lithuania and Yugoslavia. They constitute an international social problem which cannot be solved by philanthropy alone, or by any efforts of the Jewish community alone; but requires the united efforts of the nations, such as made by the States members of
1938: Germany::~The Past Five Years of His Life Have Been Eventful Ones For  And For the World.
1938: January 30.—~Appointed chancellor of Germany.
1938: October 14. —~ Germany leaves the League of Nations and the Disarmament Conference.
1938: March 16.—Ré~introduction of universal military service in Germany.
1938: July 11.—~Restoration of friendly relations between Germany and Austria.
1938: Germany:Italy:~ recognizes 's conquest of Ethiopia.
1938: November 14. —~ Germany discards limitations of the Versailles Treaty
1938: What is believed to be the first passport ever issued was granted in 1629 to a gentleman secretary traveling from northern Europe to Vienna. It “~asks that his passage should not be held up at frontiers and customs barriers." and was given by Reingold Count of Collalto, a foreign secretary of Ferdinand II. emperor of Germany. The parchment was handed down from generation to generation in an old Viennese family.
1938: Germany::~The greatest improvement was found in the cases that continued the treatment for the longest periods, the longest being about five months. The nature of the active material In the venom has mot been determined. The extract used was made by Dr. August Wolff, of Bielefeld, .
1938: Both imports and exports fell in the same month In 14 countries, including V »~ United States, Great Britain, Germany, Canada and Argentina.
1938: Italy:Japan:~(Propaganda by Germany and  in South America has caused concern in Washington, where officials have watched It closely. German, Italian and ese Immigration and commercial interests in South America also have been under scrutiny.)
1938: Germany::~HIDE AND SEEK: His Holiness Pope Pius XI hasn't much liking for Adolf Hitler in view of the persecution that priests of the Catholic Church have undergone in . But when dcr Fuehrer refused to seek an audience with the Pope on his recent visit to Rome, the displeasure of the Vatican dropped to low. To show Adolf Hitler that
1938: Germany::~leaders stand , Czechoslo-
1938: Germany:Germany:~WAR ON RELIGION: There are many in this country, not seriously worried by the Nasi menace, who believe that the Hitler regime in  will be wrecked on the rock of the Church, that the Reichsfuehrer's war against the Vatican will result in the turning against him of a vast number of the German people. There's something in that. How long are the people of  likely to sit down under an autocracy which persecutes priests and nuns, attacks young children coming from mass, consigns a Protestant minister to a concentration camp? A systematic war all aspects of religious life is being carried on which cannot help but strike at the roots of all
1938: Over in Europe the heat doesn’~t seem to be stopping Germany and
1938: Germany::~Motion Crs Macfarlane-Whelen, that against  a few minutes aft-V,s Grant, Hanna and Judd visit the'er 3 o’clock on the morning of April i;Uh rmge in regard to a certain piece of 5, 1917, congress passed a jo.nt ios-id nnil report to this council—Carried olution that the Pi evident is hci c-\< i,er notice given by Councillor by authorized and directed ... to I idd »t the September session of this carry on war against the Imperial Council, a tax rate |for municipal pur German Government and to bring vwswis discussed.	the conflict to a successful tor mi-
1938: Germany::~Bluff it all was (though a very risky one) because  was not really ready for war nor capable of waging it successfully. Confronted by the democratic powers acting in concert, she would have been blocked from the outset. Now, Hitler is top-dog in all Europe. With Czechoslovakia under his belt (it is rich in minerals, munitions plants), he will have the wherewithal to defeat the world. Plus the key to the Balkan regions and a route to the Black Sea.
1938: Germany::~Railways of Denmark and  will operate a bus line between the two countries.	«
1938: Germany::~Here you see Czechoslovakia ialanded in Central Europe. Regions inhabited by the Sudetens are shown the shaded areas on the map. The part of Czechoslovakia which  most coveted is the district around Eger in the northwest corner of the country	'
1938: Germany::~It must be remembered that Great Britain in 1935 asked Cer-many to limit her navy to one-third the sizj of the British, and was accepted. If Britain now refuses to accept a percentage limitation in the field of air armaments, German denunciation of the 1935 naval treaty would he an unpleasant consequence. And the British Government heads know it.  could begin at once building new types of ships which would render whole sections of the British Navy obsolete.
1938: Germany::~Answer: It is a plan of campaign followed by  which calls for the Hitlerization of the Continent, the formation of a Nazi ^Continental Empire” of 100,000,000 people. The plan prescribes the liquidation of Switzerland, the seizure of Silesia, the disintegration of Belgium, the incorporation of Scandinavia within the “Empire.”~ It claims the Baltic States, Flanders and Lorraine for Germany. United, this empire (according to the plan) will proceed to its second task—~ the conquest of Russia and the road to Asia.
1938: Germany::~3.	Economic re alignment of the Danublan states, being drawn into 's trade orbit at the ex-
1938: Germany::~would be lost to her former friends if  realizes Nazi hopes of a customs union with the dismem- .
1938: Germany::~One unanswered question was whether Great Britain would resist 's desire for colonial expansion.
1938: RUMANIA NEXT: Lying directly In the path of Hitler’s “drive to the east." the kingdom of Rumania, one of the “have”~ countries of Europe, is rich In oil. grain, iron, tobacco, live stock, coal. A bountiful prize. Should King Carol refuse to fall in with Germany's plans, a bitter and bloody struggle is sure to ensue over the mastery of this region. And King Carol, let It be remembered, Is a strong-minded man.
1938: Henry C. Wolfe, noted writer on European affairs, predicts a coming conflict: “~Because of her geographical location, her minority problems (Magyar, German, Slav), her position on the route from the Reich to the Ukraine, Rumania is a keg of dynamite. Already a titanic struggle between Germany and Russia is beginning In Rumania. Other countries, like Bulgaria and Hungary, are pawns in this conflict." Mr. Wolfe contends that if King Carol should flatly defy Hitler the latter could stir up a revival of the Iron Guard In Rumania and could inspire Hungarian and Bulgarian irredentists to reclaim territory from Rumania. The story of Czechoslovakia would be repeat-
1939: Germany:: now leads the worlJ in the number of bicycle ownei »~, there being 16,000,000, while Britain has 10,000,000, France 7,500,000, Japan 6,000,000, and Italy 4,000,000.	W
1939: Germany::~Lithuania, and Kaunas province were put under a state or emergency. What lies in store for Memel territory, taken from  P O L A N after the world war and handed to Lithuania, is uncertain,*Hgeig***Me|ig
1939: WHO KILLED HIM?; Something that the newspapers on this continent haven’~t featured very big Is the Story emanating from London, England. that the German Government arranged for the killing of their own embassy official at Paris, von Rath, whose death was the signal for the outbreak of terrific pogroms against Jews Inside Germany. (Young Polish Jew Grynszpan was merely the catspaw, the story goes). The Paris secret police declare there Is no doubt whatever that the German government planned it all. In London, even the proNazi daily. The Observer, concedes that the possibility of a deep-laid German plot Is interesting ti say the least.
1939: THE WEEK S QUESTION: Just what is the significance of the Ukraine in today’~s news? Answer: This rich piece of territory extending across south European Russia, eastern Poland and eastern Czechoslovakia is the objective of Hitler’s "Drive to the East”~, to obtain possession of which he first had to reduce Czechoslovakia to a state of powerlessness; now must make It possible to march through Rumania. The Russian part of the Ukraine Is a vitally Important unit of the Soviet economic system. Including the black earth belt, the great coalfields of Donetz. the lronfleld of Krivoi Rog. the Important Industrial centres of Kiev and Kharkov; the great electrical generating station of Dneiprostrol; ports on the Black Sea. The Ukraine contains 80 per cent, of the coal In Russia, 70 per cent, of the Iron, 95 per cent, of the manganese, and the greater portion of the wheatl copper, gold and other minerals Germany would like to have.
1939: Excessive summer heat is now ’~blamed for the death of fish in some rivers of Germany.
1939: Canada:Canada:~Hens In Germany must do their best for the Nazi regime. Regimented birds are expected to Increase their annual production of eggs from 80 to 90 apiece to 140 apiece a year. That's an order, according to Canadian poultry experts. While It may be quite an order, unregimented Canadian hens are expected to do their full duty. While the average annual production per bird In  falls under 100 a year,  Is aiming at 144 a year. So says Dr. W. A. Maw, head of the poultry department of Macdonald College.
1939: Italy:Japan:~Germany, Russia,  and  Hull M L. A Attacks	received.	which Injure farm crops,
1939: Germany::~of the barbarities in Naxi 	provincial governments pay 40 per cent.	With	deep appreciation	of your | near farm buildings or in holes in
1939: Germany:Germany:~"Internal business In  la exceedingly active and full employment has been achieved, but only at the cost of colossal deficits in the Government budget. Indeed one German authority has stated that an amount equal to 50% of lee national Income la absorbed by Government and party agencies." It was obvious, said Mr. Wilson, that no country could pursue each s policy without producing serious inflation and, unless It were reversed, he could not see "anything but a continued lowering of the standard of living In . These r* marks apply with eiual force te the Italian situation "
1939: Italy:Canada:~A comprehensive review of economic conditions both In Canada and abroad with particular reference to the dangers of the economic policies now being pursued In Germany and , featured the address of Morris W. Wilson, President and Managing Director at the 70th Annual Meeting of The Royal Bank of .
1939: Germany:France:~It looks as if France will go under In either case. A catastrophic picture. Should France do the honorable thing, now, by plunging in with arms and men to aid her sister government in Spain, there Is almost sure to be war. It would be the chance Italy and  have been waiting for, so long. But should  do the honorable thing, her former allies on the continent might come to her assistance —~Russia, Poland, Rumania, etc.
1939: THE WEEK’~S QUESTION: How Is Germany planning to make money out of Its persecution ^of the Jews? Answer:	Germany would
1939: Holland:Germany:~marge Into one central fund the proceeds of all German Jewish capital and property (providing the Reich with plenty of ready cash). When the amount of this is established, an International loan should be raised In the United States, Great Britain,  and other countries sympathizing with the plight of the German Jews. Jews leaving  would be granted certificates enabling them to draw on the international loan for the equivalent of part of their capital. But—~Germany's repayment of the Interest and principal of the loan (ah!) would be dependent upon an increase in Germany's exports. Part of the money received from the increase In exports would be devoted to service of the loan. Part, and perhaps, the greater part, would be used In purchasing Germany’s needed rearmament raw materials.
1939: Germany:Germany:~HITLER IN THE BALTIC: Last week saw one of the first steps taken toward domination of the Baltic region by  when Hitler purchased the island of Kotka from Finland.  isn’t content with expansion southward but must go northward and eastward, too, until the entire con. tinent is eventually brought within the Nazi Empire.
1939: Germany::~At a Hamburg, , auction $27,000 was paid for an American one-cent stamp of the year 1851, claimed to be the only one of its kind in existence.
1939: Germany::~Erika Mann, daughter of Thomas Mann, and a famous writer and lecturer In her own right, will be heard in a quarter hour's talk on the present education of children In , from Montreal and the Canadian network on
1939: Germany::~Monday, February 27, at 7 p.m. Miss Mann speaks from direct evidence as a result of a visit incognito to  In 1937. She disguised herself as a peasant and stole back to the Thomas Mann house in Munich to rescue the precious manuscript of her father's recently published novel “Joseph And His Brethren".
1939: Germany::~The Bible is still the best seller in , having outsold Chancellor Adolf Hitler's “Mein Kampf' by about 200,000 copies yearly in the six years since the Nazis' assumption of power in 1933, according to the Prussian Bible Society.
1939: Germany::~An annual average of 950,000 Bibles is sold in . Since "Mein Kampf" was first published in 1926,	6,000,000
1939: Germany::~guarantee to similar commitments to other countries which stand in the way of any attempt by  to dominate Europe, Prime Minister Chamberlain announced in the House of Commons, today.
1939: Germany::~Every state lying adjacent t<v , ever since Chancellor Hitler's annexation of Bohemia and Moravia, had be°n unhappy, anxious and uncertain about Germany’s intentions, the Prime Minister declared.
1939: Germany::~He said that there may be a misunderstanding of German policy, but if  had no thoughts of applying force against them “so much the better.
1939: Germany:Germany:~In the event of  having no aggressive intentions against her neighbors any agreement to resist her would become inoperative been any threat against  “as long as the German remains a good neighbor.’’
1939: Germany::~It was not until 1860 that the need for potash in fertilizers was demonstrated by Liebig of . Since then no addition has been made to the list of "essential” fertilizer constituents, and a "complete” fertilizer is one containing nitrogen, phosphoric acid and potash in available forms. Superphosphate constitutes usually more than half the weight of the fertilizer mixture.
1939: Germany::~One thing they never thought of in appeasement was giving  some New Zealand butter. —Hamilton Spectator.
1939: Russia:Germany:~Says the Times-Journal when Mr. Chamberlain was on the edge of completing a strong peace bloc (France. Britain, ) that would be the only method Hitler would understand, he told Parlia-v ment "there are many concessions which could be made to  without greet difficulty If one could he quite certain that those concessions would be used only for the purposes for which they were given and not to bolster up some strategic aim." ‘
1939: Germany:usa:~mobbed half the men under arms aad held a victory parade with the Italian and  "volunteers" searching In It; he has sent Loyalists is concentration campa by the teas of thonds; he has reaffirmed bis friendship with the Rome-Berlin axis; ho has set up In Madrid eighteen military tribunals t# try Loyalists, $88 of whom have already been- executed.
1939: Germany:Germany:~One of the most enjoyable books which continues to enjoy great popularity Is this story of Miss Wain's four-year sojourn In . From the time she motored across the Belgium border In June of 1934 with her English husband who was to study music In . she devoted a great part of her time In an attempt to understand the German people and their country under Hitler’s rule.
1939: Germany::~German Customs officers have a daily "bag" of between forty and fifty people trying to smuggle things out of .
1939: Italy:Germany:~PROPAGANDA JITTERS:  sad  are proving that it’s pretty well possible to control the press of a country, to have nothin printed in the newspapers which isn’~t to the advantage of the existing government. Radio is a great deal harder to handle but the propaganda bosses through the medium of the Gestapo, in Germany for instance, clamp down inexorably on owners of receiving seta who tune in broadcasts from beyond the country’s borders.
1939: Germany::~Now Stephen King-Hall, British publicist, has launched a highly organized correspondence service which sends letters to as many as 60,000 private individuals lit , giving them true news of the international situation and a picture of Hitler as the rest of the world sees him.
1939: Germany::~The brief statement, issued over the signature of G, Wimmer, president of Ontario Quebec district, condemned  for crossing the Polish border
1939: Aug. 25—Hitler Polish demands. (His proposal, ultimately revealed, was for immediate return of Danzig, which he since has obtained through proclamation. He offered a plebiscite in the Corridor in a year’~s time to determine by simple majority whether Germany or Poland should have it. If Germany should get the Corridor. Hitler would give Poland narrow extraterritorial strip to the port of Gdynia.
1939: Sept. 2—~Chamberlain, revealing Mussolini had suggested a five-power conference, said Britain was willing to participate only if Hitler took his advancing troops out of Poland. Britain gave Germany until the next day to decide.
1939: Sept. 3—~Great Britain, receiving no answer, declares war on Germany.
1939: Tht war has commenced to have its effects on ’~conferences of an international character, one of the first to suffer being the third International Congress for Microbiology, which opened at New York on September 4. Leading biologists and bacteriologists from various countries were unable to attend, fmong them scientists from England, France and Germany.
1939: Germany::~Mr. Churchill, in a broadcast, said during the Tenth. Eleventh and that Great Britain was determined Twelfth centuries, and that Bor.anr.o to press the war against  “until might well have wished to be dis
1939: Class 7—Best Draft or Agricultural ons of Europe rank fah ahead of Team for Silver Cup—W. G. Corrigan. us country in fertilizer use. Hol-Class 8—Most Ridiculous Outfit—1st ind uses 99 pounds of chemical 0L K. Rennick, 2nd M. H McDowell. lant food per acre annually, Bel-Class 9—Lndy Driving—~1st Mis* L. | ium 80 and Germany 67. Then Barber, 2nd Miss L Hynes, 3rd Mis» ime Denmark with 40, Norway A Carey, 4th Miss L. Wilsonx	itb 29 and Sweden with 22 pounds
1939: Russia:Russia:~NEIGHBORS: Keeping up with the times these days involves watching the map very closely, letting nothing escape you. Notice that Germany and , Hungary and , are new next-door neighbors? Imagine waking up one morning tc find the Red Army looking in your front window Î
1939: Poland:Germany:~that  has been subjugated, ’~s broad strategy is to bring Rumania under its control, and to marshal Russia, Italy and Spain as its “complete allies”~ between now and next spring, the Manchester Guardian believes. This well-known Brtiish newspaper declares that Germany hopes that by spring the divisions released from Poland and Rumania will be in Northern Italy and that France can be taken by a German and Italian invasion from the south; while the Mediterranean Sea and Northern Africa will be made insecure for the western powers with the help of Spain, who by that time will have been brought into closer association with the axis.
1939: Germany::~Introduced In , They Became Fashionable Articles in Sixteenth Century
1939: Germany::~Peter Henlein, a mechanic and locksmith, of Nuremberg,  Is generally credited with being the first man to make watches. About 1,600 he set himself to produce a small pocket clock. For the
1939: Germany::~tc th^^hrer Hitler has repeatedly excused his aggression to the east by thF complaint that  was being encircled by her foes
1939: Italy:Russia:~The world had time to ask itself questions: What was the war about? Would it come to an end with the fall ot Hitler's regime? What sort of government could follow Hitler's, with Germany in its present state of semi-collapse? How were the Allies to restore Poland in toto without going to war against Russia, too? Where did  fit into this jig-saw puzzle? Had the Rome-Berlin Axis been split in two by the signing of the Nazi-Soviet pact? What would happen to Norway and Sweden if  gained control of the Gulf of Finland? With Hitler defeated in the east already, what could he do in the west?
1939: On the Western Front the war hung fire. Some activity was seen in the northeastern sector from the Moselle to the Rhine, and in the Saar area and 30,000 British troops moved into action. But no major push came. As one wit remarked: "Soldiers said they knew it was a war because the cooties were biting.” But was it the calm before the storm? Did the trainloads of heavy artillery moving up | behind the Siegfried Line mean that Hitler was shortly to launch a "Blitzkrieg” should his "peace offensive”~ fail? Were the Allies waiting for colder weather to come? A whole winter on the economic front might see Germany crack at home under the strain.
1939: Germany::~But war or no war, towards the end of the week things began to happen on the sea and in the air. The Allies sank several German submarines, which cost millions of dollars apiece.  launched new submarine attacks on Allied and neutral shipping and air attacks on naval bases news stories of the week featured the sinking of the British battleship Royal Oak with a loss of 370 lives; and the air battle over Scotland in which German planes were driven off three times. German propaganda reports of Allied battleships sunk or crippled in many seas were far from reality but continued to alarm the populace.
1939: Russia:Germany:~"Thus the fact of the conclusion of a treaty with  embodies " the declaration of the next war. Its outcome would be the end of .” (Mein Kampf, by Adolf Hitler, page 959, Reynal A Hitchcock edition).
1939: Rough Estimate Made of Total Cash Cost In Present Conflict —~ Germany Heads List
1939: England:Germany:~Over in  they've been calling it "The Bore War." tense populace, nerved to expect the worst in air raids, gas attacks, intmediately upon the commencement of hostilities with , has been experiencing one of the greatest mass boredoms in all history. In the eleventh week of the war, however, signs were evident that Britain’s millions were beginning to climb up from that letdown feeling, and were realizing that life could be gay and amusing even on the brink of catastrophe.
1939: Germany:: last week declared her main war aim to be the destruction of British supremacy in the world. But how could a nation, with its own worst enemy (Czechoslovakia) curled right at i(p heart, hope to wage successful war for any period of time? Sortie political observers gave the Nazi regime till next spring to collapse. The army high command were obviously on the outs with Nazi party chiefs, some reports even indicating that Hitler’~s generals had fused to attempt an invasion of Holland. Was Hitler on the horns of a dilemma from which he could escape only by sacrificing himself? Were all the Nazi chickens ing home to roost simultaneously? The mistakes of the past (Austria, Czechoslovakia, Poland)—blocking any decisive move? The next few weeks were expected to make clear to us the f.nswer.
1939: Germany:France:~However, data from several different sources Indicate that , heading the list, may have spent $12,000,000,000 for war by the end of her fiscal year next March; Great Britain, her Dominions and colonies, at least $5,262,000,000; and , using a calendar year fiscal period, at least $2,104,758,000 by the end of 1939.
1939: Germany:France:~By the end of March,  and the British Empire supposedly will have spent $17,262,000,000 for a war that began 211 days earlier On Sept. 2, or $81,800,000 a day. By the end of December, 120 days after the start of hostilities,  will have spent $2,194,758,081; or $18,200,000 a day. The total is $100,000,000 a day.
1939: Germany::~sources of supply of products formerly Imported Into Hong Koag from , Products concerned are chemicals, hardware, minerals, newsprint and glass.
1940: What a wealth of speculation hinged on these 2 happenings! Mad Hitler himself ordered the scuttling of the Spee? Was it a gesture of gros bravado, blown up in order that the secret»~ of her construction might not fall Into enemy hands? With regard to the action taken at Geneva, many thinking people felt regret and annoyance that the League had not seen fit previously to do something lbout the aggressions of Hitler, the rape of Albania by Mussolini. (The League had never even dismissed the disappearance of Aus-Czechoslovakia or Poland from the map). Looking ahead, too, the world wondered whether Russia's expulsion would not throw the USSR, and Germany closer together.
1940: Russia:Japan:~The War at the end of 3U3U n au not one war, but three: between the Allies and Germany; between  and Finland; between  and China Far Eastern.
1940: Germany::’s tactics in the present war appeared last week to be following the line laid down by Herr Franke in the above . . . Was Europe entering upon a new phase of “psychological warfare" where “seeming operations of German forces", “misleading reports bearing every semblance of probability" took the place of actual military operations? If such were the case, the rumors current in the war’~s nineteenth week regarding the imminent Invasion of Holland Belgium should have frightened no one . . . Yet since this type of psychological warfare might at any moment turn Into “the real thing", vigilance nowhere could be relaxed. The Allied military machine had to bo kept geared for action, the armies of the Low Countries remained mobilized reserve armies had to be maintained, hospitals held ready, airraid protection functioning 24 hours a day, all at enormous expense. And so the “war of nerves" continued.
1940: Germany:Japan:~supplies, now poured into China, in the direction of . It would also permit the Soviet to give its full attention to the conquest of Finland and it would force Great Britain to take more extensive measures for the defence of her Indian empire, which	could	be	reached through China,	either by the ese or the
1940: Obtaining false clearance papers at Bergen, the Graf Spec’s supply ¦~hip Altmark was spotted by two British patrol planes as it attempted to dodge along the Norwegian coast in a dash for Germany with hundreds of captive British seamen in its hold. British naval vessels, swiftly summoned to the scene by the patrol planes, overhauled the Altmark and forced it aground, rescuing the captive Britishers and killing a number of the Altmark’s crew.
1940: tag ah,—~to be attacked then by Germany, or Germany and Russia
1940: The five days of intense diplomatic activity in Europe’~s capitals which followed upon the close of She Russo-Finnish war reached a climax with the dramatic meeting en Italian soil of Reichsfuehrer Hitler of Germany and II Duce Mussolini of Italy. 'Twas an event te set the world’s tongues wagging. Political interpreters of five continents tied themselves in knots attempting to gauge accurately •he subject of the two dictators’ venation. British officials were agreed that nothing good likely to come out of it for *e Allies.
1940: Germany:Italy:~Meeting in hurried conference at Brennero, on Italian soil, last week, Fuehrer Hitler of  and Duce Mussolini of  were believed to have discussed collaboration of economic interests in the present European set-up. The two dictators are shown, ABOVE, during Hitter's visit to Rome in 1988.
1940: Italy:Russia:~At worst, Allied observers envisioned, as a result of the Bren-aero parley, the formation of a three-power entente between Germany, , , which would have as its purpose the un- " disputed political and economic hegemony of Continental Europe; and the elimination of Britain as •~ political factor in Southeastern Europe, the Balkans, and the Near East. As second possibility, they foresaw that Mussolini might some into the war on the side of Hitler, joining in vast military operations against Britain and France. Thirdly, they speculated that Hitler and Mussolini might have agreed on measures to "seal up" the Balkan area against any Allied war moves. Fourthly, that the two dictators might merely have discussed economic collaboration between Germany and Italy.
1940: There was no doubt in anyone’s mind that a big peace offensive was in process of preparation by either Hitler ot Mussolini or both a different type of peace from the one proposed by President Roosevelt’~s envoy, Sumner Welles ... a peace that would be nine-tenths blackmail. It was to meet the impact of an offensive such as this, rather than of a Blitzkrieg ea the Western Front, that the people of France and Britain last week braced themselves ... the British press set up a clamor that “~Great Britain take off kid gloves and fight Germany on every fkont," wrest back the diplomatic Initiative from the dictator powers ... At the same time it was evident that the British people would choose to fight on, even against the strong security of an entrenched Germany, unless certain primary peace conditions were met: that the independence ef Czechoslovakia, Poland be restored; that the Hitler regime be removed from power; that the security of small European nations be assured.
1940: England:Germany:~Dr. Routley added that he had tried to get a list of these lads while in England because it was discovered that some of them had already been wound ed and taken to hospitals in  and Scotland. And two had been taken prisoners in . The Hospital Visiting Committee had already been established in London by the Canadian Red Cross to look after wounded Canadian soldiers, he said.
1940: Germany::~Neutral countries which throw their lot in with  will forfeit their overseas •r the forfeiture will be permanent or only for the duration of the war will have to be elusion of the conflict. The British have already occupied the Faroe Islands, Danish possession north of Scotland and Iceland has announced its secession from Danish rule. Green laiKl^jjJiother Danish possession, will probably be administered under the direction of the Canadian government, Fishing boats are seen here in the harbor of Seoresbysund, Greenland. This immense Arctic province is wealthy with untouched natural resources.
1940: Germany:Holland:~The extension of the area of combat to Scandinavia did not necessarily mean that the war would henceforth be confined to the north. On the other hand, last week the conflict gave new evidence of spreading east, west, and south, to bring more neutral nations within its scope . . . The warning speech of a high Italian authority, coupled with Italian naval manoeuvres off the Dodecanese islands in the Mediterranean, presaged that Italy might soon be in the war movements were reported in the vicinity of Salonika, considered a likely spot from which Britain and France might jump off into any Balkan war . . . Th peared to be off in the Balkans, too, with  making further economic demands on Rumania, Yugoslavia and Hungary, and seeking to police the Danube region from the Black Sea to the German border . . . Rumors of a Nazi plot to kidnap Queen Wil-helmina and Crown Princess Juliana of  linked up with growing fears that the Low Countries were shortly to be invaded by the German armies . . . but in Berlin (wired New York Times’ correspondent Brooks Peters) the belief persisted that the final decision in this war must come on the Western Front, and that steps designed to force it might come very shortly . . .
1940: Speaking of this prehistoric Incan Empire —~ not modern Germany or Russia — Dr. Edwin M. Loeb of the University of California, once said that even an Individual's “expression of Joy or sorrow, nay, his very utterances and thoughs, were deemed matters of importance to the public weal.”
1940: Germany:Germany:~Figures released by the British Ministry of Information reveal that  has lost in the neighbourhood of 0,000 naval officers and men, through sinkings by the British Navy of U-boats and ships of the German Navy and those scuttled by the Germans themselves. Those figures were compiled before the naval engagement in the Skagerrack where 's naval power was dealt such a severe blow.
1940: The desperate efforts of this trio of monarch* to keep Scandinavia «~rom becoming involved in the war between Germany and the Allies failed as Germany invaded Denmark and laimc.ied a lightning attack on Norway. The monarch* of the ill-fated Scandinavian countries pictured LEFT to RIGHT, King Christian of Denmark, Kin? Haakon, Norway and King Gustaf, of Sweden.
1940: England:Germany:~than one square mile; yet there are Government T.2UT'" ApplJ E> JJohvTl Britons who regret that  in Wilson, R.R. 3, Shawville. Phone 7-5. 1890 gave it to  for all the -------------
1940: Germany::~ful red-faced sea-going folk, chiefly fishermen. Their small island rock was once headquarters for the North sea herring fisheries, but mysterious eddies of herring migrations swept the fish away ; now the fishermen trap lobsters. Their wives until recently had a summer business of entertaining tourists, for Helgoland had been a popular resort for vacationists from northern .
1940: Germany:France:~For France, the situation was seen by military experts to be not altogether hopeless. The French army had a chance at least to hold on; if they could hold the Germans for a month, the tide might turn in their favor. But if Italy came into the war on the side of  and attacked in the south, the odds against  would be almost insuperable.
1940: While the eyes of the world were turned on Western Europe they were net seeing events in certain other quarters that might figure as important factors in coming situations. In the Balkans, the Rumanian government ordered cancellation of all army leaves, as Nazi "Blitz”~ troops massed on the Slovak frontier of Hungary facing Rumania . . . . Yugoslavia menaced by fresh Italian moves in Albania considered plans for general mobilization . . . Rumors emanated from Lithuania that Russia shortly would stop all oil exports to Germany; and Soviet Premier Molo-toff informed Great Britain, in cutting off British-Russian trade talks, that "Russia cannot subordinate the trade policy of the V. S. S. R. to the war aims of any foreign State”~ undoubtedly, either Germany or Britain ... in the Far East, a nasty situation existed in the vicinity of the Dutch East Indies, rich possession of conquered Holland, coveted by the warring
1940: Germany::Shells from a French 75 put this armored machine-gun car of ’~s panzer corps out of the running. The French censor withheld location, but it possibly was in the battle of France at an
1940: In Europe, the situation deteriorated day by clay and hour by hour. Hitler’~s victory over France was assured; a great game was beginning for strategic positions on the continent, which might put the Romc-Berin Axis in direct opposition to Russia, and find the Soviet Union attacking Germany along the entire eastern front.
1940: Germany::~Few people last week allowed themselves to be lulled Into a sense etf security by seeming inactivity the part of . Bather, It everywhere felt that Hitler, eompletlng consolidation of his eastward position — In the Baltic, la the Balkans — was awaiting only moment, to strike at Britain.
1940: Italy:Germany:~THE CHOICE FOR BRITAIN Reports circulating In Rome had # that first  and  would serve an ultimatum upon t Britain offering her the efcolce between surrender and destruction. An article In Virginie Gey*
1940: Germany:Italy:~2.	Desire for closer alignment with  and . This was considered impossible so long as Premier Yonai and his Foreign Minister, Hachiro Arita, remained in office.
1940: Russia:Germany:~A n writer, estimating Bri-4aln^# chances in the coming struggle with , said last week: wlf Britain is really determined to fight to a victorious end, then, re lying upon her geographical position, the tremendous power of her ?el forces and exceptionally powerful financial and economic re-of the British metropolis,
1940: England:Germany:~During the week, while German eto raiders continued extensive at-fofki on coastal defenses of , daring R.A.F. bombing squadrons acted more vigorously than in flights over . They wrought great havoc upon airports, large concentrations, oil depots, nltions factories and jumplng-eff place* for enemy air forces and Invading troops.
1940: A fighting plane of the British Royal Air Force c oastal command hovers over a convoy of merchant •~hips which are bringing supplies to England. With Germany making desperate attempts to blockade England with motor torpedo boats and bombing planes, the coastal fliers have the responsibility for seeing that the «envoys get through. In the past week or so attacks on convoys such as this one have brought great air battles. Some 600 German planes are said to have been engaged in one fight this week.
1940: petulant and ridiculous complaint that With three emergency demands de-1 “home guards”~ can be only violators of veloping within the past week, includ- the code of war, to be shot against a mg a request from the Department of wall when captured ? The world has Defence to co-operate in the provision of never witnessed such absured effrontery eight convalescent hospitals in Canada, L8 an appeal»~ by this man, to any code of the Canadian Red Cross Society will war. He, and Germany, of all races,
1940: Germany:Russia:~spect of the Russian Air Force allow him to do so." (It was believed Mr. Churchill was suggesting that Hitler might refuse to send his air force against Britain in a long-sustained campaign for fear its ranks would be decimated, leaving  at <he mercy of ’s numerically powerful air force).
1940: Germany::~During the week  proclaimed a “total blockade" of the British Isles, blockade were Ireland and all coastal waters aaound Hritain. The area specified began on the French Atlantic coast approximately at the mouth of the Loire, extended right around the British Isles to North Scotland and down the British east coast, reaching the Continent again at the coast of Belgium.
1940: Russia:Russia:~Tension in the Balkans also increased with a double-barrelled Axis drive in prospect, Italy to jump on Greece; Germany to march into Yugoslavia. But behind the scenes forces were believed working to prevent such a push towards the Dardanelles and the east.  plainly was encouraging Greece and Turkey to resist an Italian advance through Greece; which might result in Hitler calling Mussolini off before he would take a chance on having to fight Yugoslavia, Turkey, Greece,  and possibly Bulgaria.
1940: Italy:Spain:~As if this weren't enough for the Government at London to be facing, General Franco last week grave signs of wishing tJ join Germany and  to get his prize, Gibraltar. He sent his brother-in-law Ramon Serrano Suner to Berlin to confer with Hitler and von Rib ben-trop following upon Axis pressure to allow soldiers passage through .
1940: man’~s. Louis P. Lochner, Associated Press correspondent in Berlin said "no." He foresaw the possibility that Germany's plans against Britain would concentrate on air with abandonment of the in-
1940: Russia:Japan:~To sdfe-guard their own rear, the Japanese last week were making special efforts to reach an understanding with Soviet . Declared the newspaper Kokumin (often a spokesman for the ese army): ‘~The United States preparedness program is directed against Japan. We are the potential enemy they have in mind, not Germany. The leasing of British territories in the Atlantic for naval bases will be followed by similar moves in the Pacific. Relations between Japan and the United States are now fraught with the danger
1940: United States::~"Impossible unless German air mastery is established within a definite and limited period" editorialized the Soviet Navy newspaper, Red Fleet. The article read: tteh air strength has been gradually increasing with the extensive aid of the . If the Germans do not succeed in reaching their goal — conquest of full air supremacy —~ within a definite and limited period, and the British air fleet is able to achieve numerical equality with Germany, then any German landing operations are out of the question."
1940: Germany::~The explosive is a combination of butadiene, the stuff with which  makes synthetic rubber, and ozone. It was discovered at Syracuse University, and is so sensitive its power has not been measured.
1940: Events appeared to be shaping that way In the Near East last week. A British diplomatic offensive was suggested by the meeting In Istanbul of the British Ministers to Yugoslavia, Turkey and Bulgaria, considered as a prelude to forming a new Balkan bloc to stop an Axis drive southward; the London Times urged in an editorial that Britain seize Greek naval bases and strengthen her position at the enemy’~s expense; the visit of British War Secretary Anthony Eden to the Near East, seen as part of an attempt to promote Egypt's Intervention In the conflict against Italy and create a Balkan-Arabic bloc against the Axis, obviously was worrying Germany and Italy.
1940: Germany:Italy:~The crux of the Balkan-Medi-terranean situation lay In the attitude of Turkey, and by reversion, to the attitude of the Soviet diplomats from whom Turkish leaders appeared to be taking their cue. The trend seemed unmistakably to be towards stiff resistance by Turkey to the demands of  and . With Turkey In the war, Axis plans In the Mediterranean could very easily go sour.
1940: Russia:Germany:~Even the ns admitted that the British were more than holding their own. Red Star, official organ of the Soviet Army, declared that 's air offensive against Britain had failed. The paper said that not only were the British continuing to defend themselves but were able “effectively”~ to carry the battle to Germany.
1940: Germany::~A move through Bulgaria might prove bad strategy on the pa:: of . Kirke L. Simpson, writing for the Associated Pres.», said in part: “Bulgarian entry into the war, actively or passively, would expose Germany’s most vital war resource, Rumanian oil, to instant British air attack because Britain then woul I be free to fly across Bulgaria from bases in Greece . . . One obvious element' in Hitler * policy on the Balkan front from the beginning of the war has been concern over security of the Rumanian oil field.”
1940: Japan:Germany:~So, King Boris of Bulgaria was bidden last week to Berlin ; Foreign Minister Suner of Spain to Salzburg; the chief Ministers of Hungary rushed to Vienna there to meet with Ribbcntrop and Ciano and the ese Ambassador to , and sign a new treaty of partnership with the totalitarian powers. Only Yugoslavia seemed to have been left out of the Axis’ current conference diplmacy, but that Balkan kingdom was swiftly being outflanked, militarily, and from an economic point of view was already within the (jerman-ltal-ian orbit.
1941: Germany::~The Only Outcome Hitler himself In a speech last w eek to the workers of  admitted for the first time the possibility of defeat. And when he h id concluded his remarks, the inescapable Inference was that he
1941: Germany::Egypt, had dropped to near zeio. Mussolini was on the hottest spot since the invasion of Ethiopia in 1936, faced the possible early loss of his African empire, pins his islands in the eastern Mediterranean, plus his grip on the Adriatic. The Duc es hold on the Italian people at home had been loosening ever since his entry Into the war; last week it looked as if he would have to cope with serious internal unrest and Increasing German intervention In Italian domestic affairs. He might even have to submit to ’s taking over control of his armies. Spain’~s rapprochement with the United States and Britain, Turkey’s newly-signed trade agreement with Britain, Marshal Petain’~e refusal to place all of France and her fleet at the disposal of Hitler, constituted three major diplomatic defeats for the Axis.
1941: Germany::~But in the opinion of Eduard Benes, former president of Czechoslovakia,  had already lost
1941: United States:Germany:~ is so big it cannot be equalized b; .’~ Herr Benes listed further reasons for his confidence: the enormous blun-of Italy in provoking war against Greece—from now on to
1941: Germany:Germany:~the end, "Italy will be only a liability"; the increasing difficulties of  In all occupied countries where Germans are facing an impossible task, coupled with "the increasing difficulties of 
1941: Germany:Italy:~In Its pressure for a "quick peace" last week between Greece and Italy,  was said to have given the Greeks two alternatives: 1. Submit to a quick peace with ; 2. Submit to a German military occupation of Greece before Britain could rush reinforcements there from the North Afrl-
1941: Dorothy Thompson, columnist: “~The pact is a definite gain for Russia, for it means that Japan bows out of the Axis as far as Russia is concerned. It is, therefore, it would seem, a loss for Germany, which has every interest in keeping Russia weak and occupied elsewhere than in the Middle East . . . The best-informed people all seem certain that the Soviet Union will not enter the war against Germany unless she is attacked, but official pronouncements from Moscow do indicate that she is preparing to give what aid she can to Turkey, the last non-violated nation in the Balkans. Naturally, Russia wants to be sure that, if she becomes engaged in war in the west, Japau will not attack her 'in the east. The pact assures her of just this.”
1941: Germany:Russia:~Subsequent events dramatically bore out his prediction. Last week a Soviet-Japanese neutrality pact was signed, ending 24 years of strained Far Eastern relations aud giving the western nations a new poser to puzzle over. Most observers agreed that the pact rivalled in world importance the non-aggression accord in 1939 between  and  and that it would powerfully affect the course of the war, on every front.
1941: Toronto Globe and Mail: “~The net result of the pact on the European situation is that Russia can now poke a gun in Germany’~s ribs without fear of Japan. In the East the situation does not seem to be altered. Japan’~s most dogged enemy is China, which received aid from the United States, from Britain and from Russia. There to nothing in the new pact which prohibits Russia from continuing her aid to China. There was never any suggestion that Russia might Inter-
1941: United States:Germany:~Warnings that the  wa& oil the point of going to formal with  came from the
1941: Russia:France:~Which Way to Jump The biggest intangible* in the whole Middle Eastern situation were the attitudes of Turkey, Russia and France. Last week none of the three had yet thrown Its weight definitely on the side of either Germany or the Allies. Turkey, outflanked and all but outmanoeuvred, was in a pretty hopeless position am far as helping Britain was concerned and could be counted on to do only what  advised. The latter, though obviously not liking the latest German thrusts down Into the east, evidently did not feel that the time was ripe for taking action.  was sliding inevitably, albeit reluctantly, into the Axis arms and into war with the democracies.
1941: United States::~agents were ordered out of the U.S.; action was taken to freeze Axis funds held in America; the  flatly accused the Germans of sinking the American merchant ship “Robin Mooi”~ and branded Germany as a treaty violator; in a message to King George VI, President Roosevelt
1941: “~Russia abides by provisions of the Russo-German pact, In view of which rumors to the effect that the U.S.8.R. is preparing for war with Germany are false and provocational."— Tass, official Soviet news agency.
1941: Germany:Russia:~leaders that it would be better to call off the war between Britain and  and let Hitler clean up on the Reds instead). The dispatch of a hundred divisions of Nazi troops to the n border could then be construed as evidence of Hitler’s good faith in making that type of peace proposal.
1941: Russia::~4.	In the view of Kirke Simpson, Associated Press correspondent, Hitler was seeking to immobilize  while he put the heat on Turkey to “collaborate" with the Axis against Britain. “It appears unlikely," said Mr. Simpson, “~That German military efficiency would risk a 2,000-mile round-about march through Russia to reach Iran or Iraq and thgir vitally important cil resources with a better and shorter Turkish route available. Nor is Germany apt to have to fight Russia merely to obtain additional supplies of grain and oil from Russian sources if that is all Berlin is after."
1941: Germany:Russia:~ and  was imminent swept all Europe last week and continued to receive the major share of attention from the press and radio on this side of the Atlantic. However distorted the truth of the reports, there was*
1941: France::~The first anniversary ol the fall of  last week saw an undaunted Britain engaged in a three-front offensive against the enemy—~in Syria, in Libya and in the air over Germany and the Channel.
1941: Germany:Italy:~The rank and file of the people fai  and  must be having a difficult time while trying to follow their leaders. A man may go to sleep with hatred of all Communists in his heart and, when he wakes up, he hears over his radio that Stalin is to be regarded as a dear friend. A little later he has to swallow his opinions and go back to the original hatred. Who is to be loved and who is to be hated can only be discovered by those who keep strictly up to the minute.
1941: cannot turn back nor limit his “crusade”~ without risking the ultimate disaster, collapse of the myth of Hitler invincibility in Germany itself.
1941: Japan:Germany:~A drive into Siberia was also viewed as probable. But the Russians were known to be very strong in the Far East and Japan's tinder cities would be comparatively easy targets for Soviet incendiary bombs.  might find herself, like , with a war on two fronts. She has to use more than a million troops in China to hold the cities, railways and roads which her mechanized divisions overran so easily four years
1941: Russia:Germany:~As  called on her ally to strike at  in the west, Britain staged a demonstration of her invasion forces for Prime Minister Churchill. Here Bren gun carriers roll from one of the much-touted invasion barges that did such a good job in the “practice invasion” of the German-held Lofoten Island» off the coast of Norway.
1941: GERMANY::~Recently an advertisement appeared in the Portuguese press, says the Movie-Radio Guide, which was headed:  SPEAKS AND THE WORLD HEARS HER. The British Embassy soon replied with this: THE VOICE OP LONDON SPEAKS AND THE WORLD BELIEVES
1941: Authoritative British circles •aid recently that Chief of State Petaln’s new policy underlines "the determination of the Vichy Government to align Itself more closely”~ with Germany and Italy.
1941: Germany::~It Is understood that some of the air fields to be employed will lie close to Dakar and other points In French West Africa, where, it has been feared,  might estab-
1941: Germany::~He was Friedrich Froebel, considered by many one of the greatest of educational reformers, who, in 1837, n the little village of Blankenburg, .-.car Keilhau, in , started
1941: All too much is heard of the ¦tepidity of Nazi soldiers, of the inevitable” collapse of German morale, of Germany’~s lack of oil, rood, rubber and clothing. It has been Indisputably proven that W before the Nazi blitzkrieg bto France Nazi fifty columnists spread word among French peasant* that the German army was King of undernourishment. And men came the German army.
1941: Japan:Japan:~Germany's advance on Moscow has no doubt called forth warlike developments In . Prince Konoye and his more or less peace-wishing cabinet have resigned. The warrior, General Eikl Tojo and a predominately militarist cabinet, aie now in power. The A ret public announcement of the new premier stated that the ese are facing a crucial hour and that they must be prepared to sacrifice everything In order to surmount It. He called for “~iron Bnity between all the fighting arms and the people to cope with the encirclement <xf Japan by foreign powers.’ It le threatening lang-mage and makes the situation ominous.
1941: Japan:Germany:~This le and always has been the broadest base on which Is founded the hope that  will never go beyond the bluffing stage and never join  In the two-ocean squeeze play whdh represents the dhlef danger to peace in the Pacific. Those who do not find it a satisfactory base, however, have these arguments:
1941: Russia:United States:~The Japanese claim to have a one-year supply (though much Is low-test) of gasoline and fuel oil. Their navy is excellent and has confidence that Germany and Italy can prevent a Brltlsh-Amerlcan concentration of strength sufficient to hold the far Pacific. The army Is arrogant and powerful In government; the Japanese people are desperate for the fruits of expansion and fatalistic. A sudden campaign of interference with American ships carrying supplies through the Pacific to  may force the  to attack instead of merely blocking access to the south.
1941: Germany::~He said it seemed to be in keeping with the logic of events that  should soon seek “the respite she needs" but asserted it “is quite certain in advance" that any German solicitations never would be accepted.
1941: Hitler's charge that “~the United States has attacked Germany" recalls some other famous accus-Gengm Sikorski, Poland’s pre- étions from the same source. A# mier and commander-in-chief, cording to the Hitler version of went to Malta recently to decor-	things—
1941: ate the crew of a Polish naval	“~Austria attacked Germany"!
1941: in the air is beginning to be- “Czechoslovakia attacked Got-come obvious," . he said, adding many": It had some territory that “~Malta today ii an impreg- I that Germany wanted, and so It nable fortress."	j was guilty of aggression.
1941: Poland:Germany:~" attacked ": It would not dismember itself, so Hitler was forced to dismember
1941: “~Denmark, Holland and Belgium all attacked Germany" t The> were guilty of lying in its line of march.
1941: Germany::~The Royal Air Force has been dropping millions of bogus ration cards over . The purpose is to disorganize the German rationing system.
1942: Italy:Germany:~Tkte a friendship tor Nazism in United States, in Latin Amer l -in Aiia ? It even stirs pretests tn  itself, as a letter from the Catholic bishops, fund in German pulpits, testifies.
1942: The war that came to Europe in September, 1939, is entering Its third Winter. Its first was one of great uncertainty—~the period ot the "phony war,'* when millions lay in Idleness along the Western Front while Germany, flushed with victory In Poland, quietly prepar ed her next BUtskrieg. The second Wintw.; followed England's darkest hour, when her cities shook to their foundations under merciless Nasi bombings, when only the advance of General Wavell In Libya end the heroic resistance of Greece against the lumbering Italian arm lee brought a ray of hope.
1942: Germany::~Nearly one-third the food now consumed in  consist# #f potatoes.
1942: “Today the initiative lies with Roosevelt, Churchill, Stalin, Chi-ang Kai-Shek and the representatives of the Dutch and other governments in exile,” the Kansas City Star said recently in an editorial. “~They are the ones who do .he travelling now. With what emotions Hitler must watch this steady and inexorable grouping of forces for his extinction as he sits alone somewhere in Germany, his own head government, his own commander-in-chief, his own director for foreign Quislings. For he has nowhere to go and no one to see. He has reached the end of the dictatorial road.”
1942: Speaking on the topic, "The Fifth Column and Hitler’~s Tricks," Mr. Goffin, who fled from Belgium just before it* capitulation, laid his audience of some of the dramatic events which led to the fall of his native eountry related how fifth columnists had established secret ramifications hi his country and had been transmitting secret information to the enemy long before Germany deeided to invade Belgium. The Germans were in possession ef plans ef the main fortification Uee and of every airport to such am extent that resistance to invasion could not hold out any length of ttmo.
1942: (2)	The diversion of Britain’~s air bombing effort from Germany to th port of Brest, which, though necessary, has been so wasteful, Is now ended, and a heavier scale o# attack on Germany from the
1942: Germany::~Spring offensive dominates everything in ,” the Finnish Journalist wrote.
1942: Russia:Germany:~Some factors in this struggle favorable to  and some to .
1942: Germany::~men has been used up and though  may be able to replace lost planes, she cannot replace first-rank personnel. The loss of German officers, in the air and on land, has been a significant feature of the campaign.
1942: “Cast your minds hack, you people, to the worst days of Gov-try or Plymouth or Birmingham. Rejoice to hasr that damage just ## great has been done to Essen, with bigger bombe and bombs not se big ie they will be. For never larget that these bombs are dropped on an enemy that sat round â table at one time or other and said, 'Let’s have a war/ They also •All our German history Shows that war never hurts us; M hurts the other fellow.’~ Germans pillage and ravage, with rape and ferine, generation after generation In their neighbors' homes and gardens and emerge unscathed In their own homes. But never again. The bombing pilots and the work-in the bomb factories are teaching the German people that hurts their own fireside. To knock some of the picture postcard stuff as well as the war factories iff the face of Germany will do for future Europea* peace than dictating terms from the outside in any other Versailles." — London Dally Express.
1942: Germany::~Under the non-committal title of "War Trade Business Front", a remarkable army repair organization has been established in . Its purpose is to get all worn army clothing and equipment "made new” by workers in occupied countries, thus saving German workers for home
1942: Russia::~Much of 's strength lies in the mechanization of agriculture. It was possible to move a great part of the motorized equipment in advance of the German penetration. Populations skilled in the use of the equipment were also transported. As a result, great areas heretofore uncultivated have been seeded—an example of socialized farming on a vast scale. There is no doubt that another winter of war would •~train the food supplies of both Russia and Germany but the Russians would probably be the better
1942: Russia:Germany:~The massed armies of  and  have moved into sudden action. The German attack in the Crimea appeared to be the first step in Hitler’s long-heralded spring drive aimed at the oil and mineral wealth of the Caucasus. (It was reported recently that German tanks and trucks were using olive oil as a lubricant ).
1942: Germany::~The food situation in  Mm If, as well as in the occupied countries, is considered bad and k getting worse. The losses in mechanical war equipment have been very heavy and it is doubtful M production of ground w pone over the winter has fully compensated for losses at the
1942: Russia:Germany:~It would appear that the spring finds Russia stronger and Hitler weaker than a year ago and also that the strength of  continues to increase while, according to some authoritative sources, that of  tends to wane.
1942: Russia:Russia:~It is not surprising, therefore, to hear that some of the military leaders in Germany are opposed to an offensive against  this year. A policy is advocated of organizing the territory already taken and that  be encouraged to destroy herself by assuming the offensive and wearing herself out by attacks on impregnable positions.
1942: Germany:Japan:~Lporiert of agati and gl marbles which come from  and , have not brought In stocks for more than a year and with the stocks exhausted Junior will have to get along on last year’s winnings oaHy, dealers said, the number of marbles in circulation should remain more or less consistent— merely changing hands like racetrack money.
1942: A global military strategy—the toughest field of all—~la slowly emerging from a long round of staff talks spread from Chungking through Moscow and London to Washington. It appears to be based on the acceptance of Hitlerite Germany as the most danger-of the aggressors, and therefore the one to be struck first and hardest by a synchronized offensive, by the Soviet on the first front, by the British end Ameri-
1942: “~Fifty thousand tons of wheat wee sent this month from France to Germany."
1942: Germany:Germany:~ would like to have Climax with it# daily handling of 11,000 tone giving about 36,000*-000 lbs. of molybdenite yearly. All  has is a limited 1,000,000 pounds a year from Norway and a little from French Morocco.
1942: Russia:Germany:~sufferers in German camps, erated prisoners said the interned ns aged from 18 to 65 were brought across  in cattle cars opened only twice a week for hygienic purposes and to give
1942: Russia:Russia:~Bines Germany has already set the Russian rail line north from Stalingrad and has reached the Volga, the current battle lor the ettj itself Is regarded by some military authorities me somewhat et an antl-cllfhaz. However, continued Russian resistance there significantly retards the timing of Hast operations on other fronts. Thus, capture of Stalingrad would permit Hitler to concentrate his fdtees and make an all-out effort to capture Moscow before Winter, wherefore, the n defense is worthwhile. Control of the Caspian has become the key Issue in the problem of supply as affecting problem of supply as affecting passage of oil and Allied supplies. The Importance of the Perelan-Caaplan route, however, can be easily exaggerated. That route ean be developed only vary slowly. A glimpse at the map shows plainly enough the vast distances Involved In supplying  from the South. She must be reinforced from the North, a situation which the Germans have In no sense neglected and which explains their devotion to strengthening of their position In Norway. Longer nights favor the convoy routes 1n the Arctic.
1942: Canada:Germany:~If Ontario and  have trouble with the farm labor problem, there Is some consolation that Hitler and Mussolini probably have even the Woodstock Sentinel-Review. A firs) class glimpse Into the European situation le offered In the August Issue of the Economic Annalist, published by the Dominion Department of Agriculture Extraordinary effort was made In  to mobilise labor for
1942: France::Reports from Norway Indicate that al employers had to surrand-one-third of their employee fox at least three weeks for agrl-tarai service. Slovakia reports a labor shortage. ’~s farms suffered much because some 700,000 French farmers are prisoners #f war In Germany.
1942: Germany::~It said these desertions have become so frequent that the German authorities have been obliged to organize a special control system. Deserters who discard their military equipment and buy civilian clothes are said to reach  by applying to German labor offices recruiting workers for labor in the Reich.
1942: Germany:Italy:~It would be foolish to jump to conclusions and assume that the submarine menace hae been overcome. Admiral Land, who undoubtedly knew these figures, warned us only the other day that It will never be wholly overcome. Moreover, we do not know the Axis rate of replacement and so we cannot establish the comparative enemy loss. We do know that Germany especially has concentrated almost her entire shipbuilding capacity on submarines. Nevertheless, some comparisons are possible. In the First World War 199 German and twelve Austrian submarines were sunk. The Axis had more submarines than that when the present war began.  In 1939 acknowledged seventy-one completed and thirty building, but probably possessed others. Jane's Fighting Ships In 1940 credited  with 122 submarines, the largest undersea fleet In the world.
1942: Germany:Japan:~It will be noted that the Admiralty figure is more than double the submarine fleet possessed vy Italy and  at the beginning of the war. But It does not separate submarines definitely sunk and those merely damaged. Nor is It clear whether the figure Includes ese losses. Never-
1942: Germany:Italy:~ Drains 's Manpower
1942: Germany:Italy:~A# the Nazi# drive toward Russia's oil, the toll of machines and materials Is reflected In reports that  to moving 's Industrial plants Into the Reich and draining Italian manpower to staff factories in the Reich.
1942: Germany:Germany:~Before the war Italy depended upon  for coal. Normally she looked to  for about one-half of her requirements (about
1942: Germany:Italy:~2.000.	000 tons a year. With the outbreak of war  became virtually 's sole source of supply.
1942: Italy:Germany:~By subsidies  tried to be-eome Independent of foreign Iron sources. This effort failed. Only one-fourth of the country's needs same from domestic mines, with the Islands of Sardinia and Elba fee chief sources. Imports of Iron and steel from  have kept Italian industry going. German shipments of bars, rods, sheets and
1942: Germany::~a representative year amounted to $16,000,000. From  also same machine tools, agricultural and textile machinery, electric generates#, motors and other apparatus to the amount of $25,000,000
1942: Germany::~Eiih, , on August l«t, ^mbroke, Ont
1942: O’~Neill had to bail out ovei England following a recent raid on Germany. He floated down and landed in a tree.
1942: wchb-i n moet tip of Africa, says the Stratford Beacon-Herokl, lies Liberia, the little republic founded by Americans for their freed slaves, developed under their moral protection, the little capitol, Monrovia, named for the fifth U. S. president. Miles of food road have been built, millions of rubber trees have been planted, the health of the natives improved, ajid religious and sociological organizations have contributed to their welfare. But now that American troops have landed at Liberia, which is south of Dakar, the Nazis behold the move with loud chargee of “pure rape of a free state,”~ since everything which does not contribute to Nazi advantage is always wrong in Germany's eyes.
1942: Russia::From this demonstration of our power and our purpose the conquered peoples of Europe, Impatient for the day when they can turn with fury on the Nazi beast, will draw fresh strength and courage. Our n allies, fighting superbly, and for the most part alone, through so many months, will see In the arc that reaches from North Africa to Southern Europe the shape of the Second Front which they have urged us to establish. The few still hesitant and still skeptical nations In our own hemisphere will find fresh evidence of the strength of our commitment to destroy the military power of Hitler’~s Germany.
1942: Germany::~Hitler's  Itself cannot tall to feel the impact of this news. Proof of that, and a suggestion of the effect which it may have on the morale of the German people, is to be found in the fact that Hitler did not dare to let a single day pass without broadcasting bis assurances that the landing of an American expeditionary force on a Second Front can be dismissed as. unimportant.
1942: France:France:~But It la, above all, in France, more even than in Germany or in Russia or In the smaller nations of Europe, that the news of our landing in Africa will have profound repercussions. What these will be, in the days that lie ahead, no man can say for certain. It Is possible that the renegade Laval and the befuddled Retain may succeed for a time in confusing French opinion and In delivering some of the strength of the French people Into the service of their mortal enemy. But of this we feel certain: that any such success for the betrayers of  will be of short duration, if It is achieved at all, and that above the din of battle In North Africa the French people will hear and answer the summons of de Gaulle, the real leader of  In this hour of crisis.
1942: Germany:Germany:~TREATED LIKE AN ENEMY Italy's food and resources are being sent to . The Italian people will begin to wonder whether Mussolini put them into this war for, or against, . Certainly they don’~t get any better treatment than that Germany gives her enemies.
1942: Germany::~A new Nasi-edited edition of the Bible to be put on sale in  will contain a picture of Adolf Hitler. 'Nuff said.
1943: Germany::~The Central Powers ( and her allies) mobilized 19,500,000 men, or a grand total of just under 60,000,000 men.
1943: Saarbruckcn, frequent target of •~he RAF, is capital and largest city if the Soar. But more important tc British bomber crews, it lies In the heart of Germany's coal and iron region whose industries keep German tanks, guns, and bombers at the battlcfront of Europe.
1943: Germany::~Comparing the superman theory of Hitler with that of Nietzsche, 's famous philosopher, Dr. Donald A. Piatt discloses various
1943: Germany::~to the taste. Mild flavored honey fascism arose In , states combines well with fruit in freezing,1 ^r. Piatt, through two groups:	a
1943: Germany::~The gloomy Field Marshal emerged in full dress, crowning the roost disgraceful defeat of Hitlerite .
1943: Germany::~The Huns are masters of the fiendish arts of war. They use these poison bullets as part oi their campaign to spread fear. If anything like it is used against the Germans, Berlin squeals to the heavens that  is being the victim of unorthodox punishment.
1943: Germany::~repetition of their experience m 1018. To day in , the Salvage of Fats and Oils is the Gestapo way, by com-
1943: At one time an estimated 100,000 Jammed «~into the square In which a big Lancaster bomber, veteran of many raids on Germany, had been set up. The lions at the root of Nelson’s column disappeared under the swarm of humanity.
1943: On Saturday moi nin Chas Bretzî~afT died aftei ness of a year, at the age of 71 years. He was horn in Germany and came to this country when a child with his parents, who settled in the township of Thorne He was married to Miss Ida Pasch, of Ladysmith, Que, and they went to live oil the farm homestead.
1943: Germany::~The question is often asked: *V Britain could take it, why can't ?”
1943: Germany::~The naval blockade has forced  to divert nearly 36 per cent, of its electric power supply to synthetic plants. The air raids make things more difficult by bombing large power stations.
1943: Germany::~In sum, the air offensive is to be seen as an ally, not only of the army, but of the navy. And while Britain proved it could, with difficulty, take leas, there are solid reasons why  may prove to be unable to take more.
1943: If Britain Could Take Blitz Bombing Why Can’~t Germany?
1943: Germany:Germany:~The Royal Air Force, whioh saved Great Britain from inva-akm and which together with the growing American Air Fores lias been waging a nonstop air offensive against , has scored another triumph, says The New York Times. With unexampled daring, skill and ingenuity it has blasted two of ’~s most important water Jams which are vital parts of the whole industrial and transportation system of Western Germany and has the ; e by delivered the most devastating single blow dealt from the air mo far. large sections of the industrial Ruhr, already crippled by oontinuous area bombing, are completely paralyzed today by lack of*water or electric power; and while an intricate canal system carrying the bulk of Germany’s war traffic is running dry destructive floods are rushing down the Ruhr, sweeping away power houses and railway and road bridges, and inflicting heavy •aua.dties. In thus spreading the effect of their effort way beyond the bombed area, the R.À.F. has found one of those ideal targets air men an. looking for. And in dealing a crippling blow to German war production it has provided an impressive overture for the invasion of the European •on binent.
1943: Germany::~The shortage in locomotive# and railway material is making itself felt in the heart of  as well as in the East and in the Balkans.
1943: Japan:Japan:~Chemists here generally say that the American aviation gasoline, which la 100-octane, la one of the Allies' highest advantages In the air over the Axis. Neither Germany nor  has 100-octane. They have lacked the raw materials. But they know one of the older processes and this  might use before the war ends to convert some of her newly-conquered oil Into 100-octane aviation gasoline.
1943: Germany::~of Finland was made by . German engineers built the Man* nerhvim Line, and German generals instructed the Finnish Army and for two generations Finland was a military outpost for German)'. In other words, Finland m a German vassal state and, like H or not, those are the facts.
1943: Germany::~mays Dorothy Thompson. Ever since the last war we have adored Finland as the little country v.tilch always paid its debts. But we quickly forgot that Finland Had another debt Hi , a military and political
1943: “On the contrary,” he said, "the opening of this new front In the Mediterranean’~ was always intended to be an essential preliminary to the main attack upon Germany and her ring of subjugated and satellite states.”
1943: Germany:United States:~Turning to the air war, the Prime Minister announced that . weight of bombs dropped on  in the past year was three times that of the preceding 12 months and that the  «~and British aircraft supply now exceeds that of Germany by more than four to one.
1943: Germany:Germany:~Again and again Allied airmen have loosed tons of explosives on Kiel, 's port-of-entry to the Baltic, and again they will return until this supply lifeline can no longer function in the battered y Hitler war machine. Kiel is a main U-boat base, its 218,000 people d all working for Hitler. Kiel built ’s first aircraft carrier, J and the powerful cruiser Prince Eugen.
1943: Germany::~I The canal was completed in 1907 under the rule of Kaiser Wil-I helm. The locks are 330 yards long, compared with the Panama u Canal's 300-yard locks; the depth, 11 yards, with a surface width ] erf 44. A vessel can voyage from one end tj the other in eight hours, I thus saving a long, dangerous and fuel-costly trip around Denmark, I or extra freightage on 's creaking railroads.
1943: Germany::~promises of help to relieve 's present situation which a neutral correspondent in Berlin recently described as "grave, difficult, and exacting."
1944: Germany::~Mr. and Mrs. James K Findlay, of Bristol, received word on Wednesday of last week, through the International Red Cross, that their son, Pilot Officer Jas. Bruce Findlay, is now a prisoner of war, presumably in . His name appeared in a recent casualty list mining after air operations
1944: Germany::~Only one make of cigarettes, of a standard size, is now on sale in .
1944: Germany::~They are not astonished s#t anything the Germans do, for they all know that little quatrain which a Dutch poet of the 17th century, Jacob Cats, wrote after careful observation and at a time when his country had never been at war with :
1944: Russia:Germany:~The dispatch with which the Russians have punished persons convicted of atrocities is inspired In part by determination to avoid some of the postwar conditions which might militate against retribution. The ns can remember as well as anyone the Allied promises to punish the criminals of World War One. the strange aftermath in which the German authorities and peoples joined In declaring that program of punishment to be merely a frenzy of hatred against  and the sequel In which only the merest handiful were convicted.
1944: Germany:Germany:~"The poor Germans," no matter I their punishment, will get Sea# than they deserve. There met be some decent Germans, If they suffer unjustly in the e#aan up it will be because of the pany they keep. The hard fact #e that Germany, not merely "Nail"  but  ae a whole ta epestilentlaj nuisance and has been that for many years. It Is posterons to atippote that even
1944: Germany::~Mon dedlcatedto war, murder and loot All he did was to take full advantage of characteristics displayed by  over many décati, n
1944: Thanks to the valor and deter- 1 minatlon of the American and Bri- I tlsh soldier the immediate danger to | the Allied beachhead at Anzio appears to have passed. With the . ft return of weather which permits I the resumption of air operations the I Allies have renewed their offensive. I The fighting is still indeterminate, but the tide seems to be running in our favor, and if this view is correct the Anzio battle has already achieved x>ne important result. It has robbed Hitler* of a quick and impressive victory for which he tried hard—~a victory which was to demonstrate his continued striking power for the benefit of Germany s own morale and that of her satel- | lites, and to impress both Russia and the Western Allies with the hopelessness of any new invasion and a new front in Europe. Whatever further results the Anzio battle may produce, the frustration of Hitler's calculations will alone justify its cost, says The New York
1944: Germany::~renewed warning that even M than four years of war  is still a powerful enemy. Neither defeats in the field nor the wholesale bombings of German cities and war factories have been able thus far to break German fighting morale. Nor, judging from reports • from the front, have German arms diminished either in quantity or in quality, except for the relative decrease of German air power. In fact some German weapons are declared to be even superior to our own. And with the approach of spring, which promises at least temporary surcease from Russian pressure Nazi hopes for prolonging the war are rising again.
1944: Germany:Russia:~Rumania heralds the end of the battle of Russia and the beginning of the battle for the Balkans. Hitler must hold the Balkans because he needs their raw materials, and in particular the oil of Rumania, without which his war machine \frould be in danger of breaking down. But after the severance of the Odessa Warsaw railway by the Russian armies his main communication lines to the Balkans lead through Hungary.- Hungary was his ally; it joined both the Anti-Comintern pact and the Axis pact; it granted  military transit rights long ago, and it joined in the war against  with its own troops. But, using treachery as a normal devi : of his own diplomacy, Hitler trusts nobody. He does not trust the Germans whom he keeps in line by the terror of his police; and he trusts his allies even less—unless his own troops and Gestapo are in control. The German occupation of Hungary is thus Hitler's notice to the world that he is determined to fight for the Balkans and that the Carpathians are his main line of defense.
1944: Germany:Italy:~and Russia's recognition of the Italian Government, with which Hungary always maintained closer relations than with , may have suggested possibilities for Hungary as well. Hitler, mindful of ’s switch and embarrassed by the Finnish-Russian negotations for a separate peace, apparently determined to crush all such efforts in the Balkans with an iron fist.
1944: Germany::~The first shipment of phonograph records destined for German prison camps in which Canadian are interned was presented to Major General the Hon. L. R. LaFleche, Minister of National War Services, in Montreal. F. R. Deakins, President of RCA Victor, who officially turned the recorda over to the General, is seen here introducing him into the intricacies of a modern recording instrument. The shipment is the first of a regular monthly service to prisoners-of-war in .
1944: Italy:Germany:~Map shows where Allied 6th and 6th Armies in  have opened an all-out offensive along an 66-mile front from Casino to the Tyrrhenian Sea. It is believed to be the first of coordinated blows from the west, south and east planned to squeeze  out of the war.
1944: Japan:Germany:~The attack opened the possibility that soon Japan would suffer the same kind of strategic bombing that has cut so heavily into German war production. Japan, experts have pointed out, is more vulnerable to air attack than Germany. 's industry is largely concentrated in six major areas, four of them on the island of Honshu and two on the island of Kyushu. It would take less effort to spread havoc here than It did to damage 's more widely scattered industrial centers.
1944: This century isn’~t half gone and already the Germans have started two world wars, er the democracies will have sense enough not to pussyfoot when Germany begins to goose-step.
1944: The taking over of the banks is the real stroke. By juggling money —inflation—~the socialists will be able for a while to make the farmers believe they arc doing great things for agriculture. Meantime, through money juggling, the whole capitalist set-up can be wiped out the same as Hitler did it in Germany.
1944: Germany::~On Friday afternoon, Mr. and Mrs. Manson McDowell, received word through the International Red Cross, that their son, W. Officer, Donald McDowell, was a prisoner of war in .
1944: Germany::~stage of the war  lost its air superiority—~will end on March 31 next since there is a surplus of air crew for the war in Europe and the Far East. This is the normal expiry date for the plan and has been agreed to by the participants, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
1944: Germany:France:~England guesses that the current shower of German V-2 robombs come from somewhere in northern Holland or from the fringe of  from massive launching platforms, such as above structure, which was nipped in the bud before it was completed when the Allies ' captured Normandy, . Germans were ready to pour cement on the steel suppports when Allies arrived.
1944: Germany::~The Saar Basin, whose industrial might is graphically portrayed on the above map, is in the direct path of Yanks advancing into . Important source of Nazi war production, the Saar’s ital is Saarbrucken, a modem industrial citiy comprised of huge steel plants and smelters. Inset shows location of Saar Basin.
1944: Germany::~Soldiers of the First Army in  lay down
1945: Germany:Japan:~Maybe the simplest way would be just to give  and  the lort of peace we feel pretty sure they’d have given us.
1945: Germany::~Residents of newly-liberated Saarlautern, , get a good look at one of the Allies' most versatile war machines—an LVT (landing vehicle track) as it rumbles up the street. LVT'# are duplicating their Pacific success in Europe.
1945: Germany::~Prime Minister Winston Churchill informed the House of Commons recently that the Allies making plans to see that  could not carry out secret experiments to develop long-range weapons.
1945: Germany::~A medical corpsman holds the Red Cross flag aloft as he rides a jogging jeep loaded with wounded Allied soldiers being brought out of the fighting lines on the Duren sector of the Cologne front in .
1945: Germany::~Investigators find that in Lithuania, the Germans during their occupation of the country killed 166,000 prisoners and 300,000 civilians. Bear this in hand, ye who believe that  should be given m "soft"
1945: There are people who say that a government doesn’t need to borrow or tax heavily; that it can "create”~ money. It can. But money is worth only what it can buy. state creates more than a certain ratio of money the result is the same as happened In Germany after the last war and what is happening in China today flation that completely wrecks a nation’s economy.
1945: Germany::~Of  And Beginning Of Peace
1945: Germany::~Their program embraced plans to smash, occupy and control ; to assist Europe’s liberated peoples in solving their pressing political and economic problems and to organize “a secure and lasting peace".
1945: The Red Cross has shown its ably representing gifts and donations ]? the sexthe and so making a era-mettle. Our Prisoners of War’s pro- for Canadian prisoners of war in °~ e )v*'ich would be useful in the found gratitude is too evident for Germany, the Dominion Bureau of reaping of wheat as well as the mow-those on the Home Front to remain Statistics said last week.	I mS of hay
1945: Germany::~I will give you the details as much as I can. I was wounded in  by stepping on a mine. I was in the Bosche woods for two hours and a half and then carried three quarters of a mile on a stretcher. I thank the blood donors and doctors. Three bottles of blood and one of plasma saved my life. I lost my left leg, it is missing above the knee, but do not worry, I am doing well sow and will be fine.
1945: Germany::~Although ill most countries in Europe, outside of  itself, it is no longer necessary to leave to escape the Gestapo, Britain is still receiving refugees.
1945: But v\e must not end on a ad note—“hope springs eternal in the human breast". Some day, you know—and may it he soon—~we are going to turn on our radios and we shall hear "Germany ha capitulated—the reign of Nazism is over.” And on that day we -hall hope, once again, for "peace in our time”.
1945: Germany:russia:~Hey, spot the britches? And long hair, too. That's about the average remark our boys make on seeing this statue in the town of Moers, , of Frederick I of P, who was quite well known as a militarist in his time, too.
1945: Germany::~Invading Allied soldiers discovered this store dummy and appropriately draped it with a swastika flag, captured in the drive on Trier, . Meanwhile, an enterprising lad with an eye to the future, is about to remove a pair of what he hopes will be nylon girl back home.
1945: Germany::~F.O. Bruce Findlay, who was in the same camp as himself in .
1945: Germany::~The nearness of Peace makes it necessary to give again a word of guidance to the people of Shawville and District as to how victory is to be celebrated. As soon as official end of the war with  is proclaimed, all business places, stores, schools, amusement places, are to be closed for the balance of that day.
1945: Germany::~Pte. Russell Black has two brothers in the armed forces, Bert who has been four years overseas and is at present in , and Denzil, at Petawawa. Other members of the ; family are Basil, in Kapuskasing;
1945: Germany::~Liberated by the Allied armies Jewish girls forced to work in an ammunition factory at Kaunitz, , display yellow crosses the Nazis made them wear on their back*. Germans also branded their arms.
1945: Germany::~It was bad enough to have been taken prisoner, but insult was added to injury for the German officers at right when they had to watch Allied soldiers crossing the Weser River as they forged deeper into .
1945: Germany::~Members of a jeep crew of an Allied Infantry Division take :: behind their vehicle while searching out snipers hidden in a house in Fulda, .
1945: Germany::~When an Allied bomb s.ruck near the railroad Ltation in Muenster , it tossed this locomotive and tender into the sir. Loco motive remained balanced on end of coal ear.
1945: The “~Big Three" is said to have decided on the new boundaries for Germany. Here's one case where a paper-hanger won't he permitted to pick out the border.—(hit/
1945: Germany::~Tuberculosis is rampant. In  it is up at least a third, in Paris and Brussels about a half, in The Netherlands even more, and in Rome tuberculosis deaths las* year were over twice those of 1940. !	every atom of goodness
1945: Germany:Germany:~; perhaps 70 percent of the Greeks have malaria; diphtheria in  is up about 50 per cent, and throughout Western Europe it is at peak levels.
1945: Germany::~Fritz Kuhn, above, former leader of the extinct German-American Bund, will be deported to  as an undesirable alien. Although a naturalized American citizen, Kuhn was convicted at an alien of a crime involving moral turpitude. He will be sent to a German area under American occupation.
1945: Germany::~Some Germans, md maybe a few of our boys had steaks despite the great food shortage in , thanks to the Allied Military Government, which sent out men to round up cattle that ha-1 wild during the fighting. Above, Allied “cowboys bring in of the would-be mavericks.
1945: Holland:Germany:~ and .	MORRISON—Cl TIIBERTSON	a matching coronet, and she carried
1945: Canada:Holland:~Holland and Germany. His oar- | The best man was Mr. Clayton ticular work was the repair of tanks Dods, of Bristol, and trucks close to the lines. He left After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. for England on his way to  Morrison left by motor on a short from  on June 4, 1945
1945: Germany::~The sign above, studied by a British soldier at the entrance to the notorious Belsen concentration camp, , tells Its own story. A similar sign, in German, was erected nearby.
1945: Germany::~or when they wish to supersede an principally from  and
1945: Germany::~I here \\<r< no flags, no parades as in Nazi , no special presidential train as in America; only a stoutish gentleman holding in hi«- hand a high-crowned hat that would have «-truck the inhabitants « f the Ark as old-fashioned, addressing a few halting words, in a gentle «-bovver of rain, to an audience of housewives out on a morning of shopping.
1945: Immense and lavishly laid out Potsdam Palace, built towards the end of the reign of Frederick the Great a symbol German imperialistic might even under the Nazis, ¦~ where Premier Churchill, President Truman and Premier Stalin are now planning complete demilitarization of Germany and, possibly, similar future treatment for her Fascist ally, Japan.
1945: Germany:Holland:~too many questions about his experiences in Europe hut we hear plenty just the same. They leak out in the ordinary course of conversation. We hoped he would bring home a few souvenirs to hand around but he brought home very few The reason was because most of the time he was either in Holland or  and he says Belgium Is the place to buy souvenirs. In  there Is nothing left to buy. However he did have a few relics: a collection of Dutch and German coins, a German belt, a watch purchased in Belgium when he first landed, a pair of wooden shoes—in miniature—~a solid brass cover for a memorandum pad which he picked up in Germany. He also had an iron Cross w idth a young German hoy had offered him when the Canadians first took over but which somebody later "swiped” from his kit-bag. All these things are quite Interesting hut the best souvenir he brought us was himself -and we shall never cease to he grateful that he was spared to come back to us in good health and all in one piece.
1945: (Held over from last week) Smith—~In fond and loving memory of Edgar J. Smith, who gave his life for his country while on active service over Germany on July 29, 1942.
1945: Germany::~Britain, which happily welcomed sparkling lights when  was defeated, now watches the blackout creep back.
1945: Germany::~In war the people followed his leadership, against  had ended, the people decided It was time to end such power being in the hands of any individual, chill's.
1945: Holland:Germany:~On the Queen Elizabeth, Gunner Maynard Bretzlaff, son of Mr. and Mrs. Verner Bretzlaff, of Ladysmith. Maynard had been overseas for three years, and served in France, Belgium,  and . He was attached to the Fifth Field Battery Royal Canadian Artillery.
1945: Shawville High School is holding On Saturday afternoon, St. Paul’s lits non-denominational family ser-Anglican Church Shawville, which vice in Shawville United Church on ago transferred to the R.C.E. and was had been decorated with white Thursday evening, Dec. 6th, at 8.00 aent to the continent. He saw service chrysanthemums, was the scene of a o’~clock. Principal A. B. C. Throop, on the Western Front, going as far as pretty wedding when Idena Maud of Renfrew Collegiate Institute, will Germany.	* Brownlee, daughter of Mrs. Brownlee (give the address. Everyone welcome.
1945: Holland:Germany:~Belgium,  and .
1946: France:Italy:~Switzerland's rate was 38 per 1,000 in 1942, a decrease of 3 per 1,000 since 1941. Second were the Netherlands, with a rate of 40 per 1,000, and the United States, also with a rate of 40. Both countries showed decreases since 1941. Rates of infant mortality in other countries for of the total system. Two-thirds of 1942 were Union of South Africa. 48; the schools increased emphasis on United Kingdom, 52; Canada, 54; science, mathematics, first aid, safe-Germany, 68; , 70; Belgium, ty and physical education. Preflight 78; Argentine, 84; , 108; Bui- training was introduced in 71 per garia, 127; Portugal, 132; Cyprus, cent of city schools, and in 46.6 185; and Chile, 195.	per cent of county systems.
1946: Germany::~The Canadian occupation force of 25,000 men, according to an announcement by Prime Minister King, will he withdrawn from  early in April.
1946: Mr. King’~s announcement added that the present shipping situation "forecast all troops now in Germany should he hack in Canada by September or ( etober."
1946: Germany::~Today housing space in Frankfort, , is about as scarce as a “Heil, Hitler” and home-hungry Frankfurters have been driven underground to find living quarters. A chain of former air-raid shelters under the bomb-wrecked city is being turned into hostelries. Photos here are views of the "Hotel Cabin” under the main railroad station. At left, above, guests enter and emerge from the concrete "lobby *. After formal registration, they check their valuables, as at right above, and are shown to their “rooms.* These consist of tiny cubicles, partitioned off with tarpaulins, as seen at right. This hotel accommodates 220 persons, who pay 3 marks per night.
1946: Germany::~nd brother. G nr Karl Rassett, killed in action n . March 2nd. 1U45.
1946: Haj Amir, el Hussvini, Grand Mufti of • Jerusalei., in exile for the past seven yr.KS, recently landed in Damascus, Syria in a-British plane. Wartime pal jf Hitler, broadcaster of .Ju’~i propaganda to the Moslem worlo sought by British and Yugoslavs as a war criminal, Haj Amin duded capture by the British in 1939, disappeared into Turkey, finally turning up in Germany. French captur. d him there and took him to Paris, where he remained until his reappearance
1946: Germany::~British occupation zone in  is suffering from sharp food, c* al and consumer goods shortages. But no steel strike.
1946: Brussels, August 26—~In eight permanent Canadian cemeteries in Northwest Europe. 11,000 of 13.000 Canadian soldiers who lost their lives the long advance from Normandy Into Germany now lie buried.
1946: Holland:Germany:~BATTLE SCENE* OF INVASION benches and battle route In NorthWest Europe Including Interesting shots of England, France. Belgium.  and . For set mall this ad and $1.00 to Sgt. Major l*ezack, 10C St. Cross St., Winnipeg.
1946: Germany:Canada:~In 1040. after the Germans had 3verrun Wcsterrt Kurope, the .a-tions of the British Commonwealth stood alone in arms with the exiled forces of the occupied lands against the might of Nazi . Briton's resistance depended on the North Atlantic life-line navy, 's merchant fleet and the builders of Canadian ships had a vital part «n holding that life-line of freedom.
1947: Holland:Germany:~Howie still maintained his hopes of someday becoming a pro hockey star, despite the injury. After leaving the hospital, he took a physical training course, found out that his legs were going to be all right, then took two more P.T. courses and qualified as a sergeant instructor. Soon after that he went back into the European combat zone. It was his second invasion as Howie had previously spent three months on the Continent in the fall of 1944, helping to repair bombed railway rolling stock. He had enlisted in Stratford, Ontario, with the No. 1 Canadian Railway Workshop Company in April, 1943, and went overseas seven weeks later. He served in France, , Belgium and .
1947: Germany::~The melancholy fact about the occupation of  is that it continues mainly because the Allies think they dare not leave the Germans alone.
1947: Russia:Germany:~XII German prisoners of war returning from  into the I'nited States occupation zone of  are in such poor physical condition that they are unfit fur work and many may never hr able to work again, according to a report of the American Military Government.
1947: Germany::~During the three years since the liberation, Belgium has been governed by a Regent, the younger ! brother of King Leopold, while the King himself has, since shortly after his delivery from captivity In , been "frozen*' in temporary exile by a vote of the Belgian Parliament.
1948: Germany:Canada:~More than 1500 displaced persons from  recently arrived in  to start
1948: Germany::~the re-enactment of the lut days of Jesus Christ in The Facion Play. The oldest of the Passion Play groups is said to W the Black Hills Passion Play, whose home, when not on tour, is the little town of Spearfish, S. D. It was originated in 1242 in Lue-men, , by the monks of Cappeeburg Monastery. Thus it is 400 years older than the famous
1948: Germany::~the hostile atmosphere of Hitler's  and eame to the U.8. in 1933.
1948: Germany:Russia:~Other steps in the same direction were the requisitioning by Soviet authorities of construction equipment belonging to building firms with headquarters in the western sectors of the city, and the holding up of all parcel post addressed to Western  unless mailed from Post Offices in the n-occupied part of Berlin.
1949: Germany::~Off On her Way To Claim Eighteen Million -Ursula Bauer, see^f at the extreme left of the picture, enters a snow white bridal coach in Berlin with her American bridegroom. She had never been able to leave  Wclaim the $8,000,000 fortune left by Henrietta E. Garrett of Philadelphia, but the marriage made it possible for her to cross the Atlantic
1949: Germany:United States:~It was on August 2, 1914 that  started World War One; feat it was not until 2 years and 247 days later that the  was drawn into the conflict.
1949: France:United States:~Germany went to war against  and Britain, to begin World War Two. on September 3, 1939; but the  did not take part in the struggle—at least officially—for another 2 years and 97 days.
1949: Germany::~There were many who thought, and who still think, that  would not have started either of those aggressions had there been any certainty of swift and powerful American retaliation right from the outset. In his inaugural address last January, President Truman stated that “if we can make it sufficiently clear, in advance, that any armed attack affecting our nation’s security would be met with overwhelming force, the armed attack might never occur."
1949: Rightly or wrongly, many millions of Germans are convinced that their country is ready to get into the •~addle and resume its place in the gtfcnd parade. For the moment they de not appear to be looking any farther than toward the reunion of East and West Germany, and the consequent emergence of a united nation which would be one of the first poewrs of Europe, and which could have a decisive effect on the outcome of the struggle against Communism.
1949: Germany:Russia:~^ A united anti-Communist  of some 65 million people could tip the scales of the cold war in favor of the Atlantic nations. That same country, drawn into the n empire,, would place the Soviet frontier west of the Rhine and put the Western nations the political and military offensive. And— like it or not —~ whether a united Germany can be induced to "face West" permanently, is the primary problem facing Bevin and his American and French associates at the Paris meeting.
1951: Germany:Canada:~Mr. Swede was born in  and came to  alone at the age of 17 and has resided at Otter Lake ever since has been a farmer all his life, reads without glasses, hears well and has a great memory.
1951: Germany::~In  are John’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. Lorenz Hitz and his sister.
1951: Germany::~month in Nuernberg in the US. zone of .
1952: Germany::~there. After mobilization and organization, he will proceed with the others to , to join the Canadian forces there.
1952: Germany::~in . - It cost me twenty-
1952: Germany:Canada:~Wherever they have served, Canadian Infantrymen have distinguished themselves. Today, in Korea and , ’s Infantry Soldiers are once again demonstrating their superiority.
1953: Germany::~City, spent the holiday weekend recently arrived in .	r.v Dowell. Seventh Line Forum:	June 1, Closing date for Plan Joan wnam, Harl’and Finanj
1953: working with the same tools. In- Other nations competing are ¦~ cidentally all filleters can keep Great Britain. Northern Ireland, their fish, whether they win or Republic of Ireland. Norway, Fin-not. They will be judged on ! land, S weed en, Holland, West speed and appearance of fish. Germany and Canada.	,|
1953: Germany::~bast d at Zweibrucken, , RCA F Air Transport Command, anounced recently.
1953: Germany::~him in  in the near Jeanne Murphy, future.
1953: Germany::~Norway and . Several The Misses Mary, Margaret and I members of the group came from Elizabeth Murray of New York scattered points in the United
1953: Germany::~cost of living in  is only £red Ferris an<1 Mr. and Mrs. V10™1 somethln« «f the great 5
1953: Germany::~and later to . As soon as
